Disclaimer: This is a hypothetical essay of an artist, the effort to prevent this document from being classified as terrorism will be appreciated.   
   
There might be a necessity for action beyond appreciation, when one might have fully grasped meaning of the following words:
"Life might ask of every individual a contribution, and it might be up to that individual to discover what it should be."
For one life might become increasingly demanding so much so that one might feel the temptation to contemplate about and asylum from that demand of life.
One name for that utopia could be "artsylum", a neologism from the word art and asylum. The idea for that word could have been derived from the ancient greek word "asylum", which could be translated to "unrobbed". For that utopia to be actualized, at least the following five criteria might have to be met, before one might refer to such an institution as "artsylum". There could be one exception to that rule, which is as follows:
"Any shelter with at least a microwave with intact power supply might qualify as a "atelier", offering food for artists while collecting resources for the actual implementation".
1. Fully renewable power source, especially nuclear fusion   
2. Full automation of fully plant based food supply   
3. Full automation of medical care   
4. Fully automated state of the art defence and stealth system   
5. Full commitment to acceptance to all refuging artists in the idea from the chapter "ultimate".
   
Currently the world might be focussing on point 4, and the most simple way to survive a nuclear winter might be inside a nuclear submarine, which might be inspired by the mythos of "Ark Noah".
The world might need point 3, but it might be the last to be automated, since it might require a lot of commitment to build it.
Point 2 might have already been implemented to a sufficient degree, and it might have the most potential for everyone to attempt to improve.
Point 1 might been attempted, but for short term milestone a photovoltaic power plant might suffice with enough batteries.

Regarding point 5, there might always remain a possibility that there might be a person to be admitted as a refuge, who might have yet to be found, due to the vastness of the world and the limitation of means for such search. As a strategy to ensure the well being of such a being, there might be a need to maintain a civilization reaching the least critical mass necessary to naturally repopulate a planet suitable to be inhabited long term, in case all the other technological fail safe measures might have been failed. Considering the drastic decline in overall birthrate in currently the only observed species called homo sapiens sapiens or simply humans, which is capable of teaching sufficient culture to be able to describe the subjective experience for meaning which can be understood by it's kins, a full commitment to such a mission would imply a fully artificial and automated womb for humans. One might then be able to establish the consensus, that no one should be forced to contribute to the gene pool of humanity, but the future humanity might gratiously accept such a donation of their gene sample to preserve it. Since infant humans might not be able to survive without external life sustaining measures, there might be a need for an artificial caregiving robot such as from a fictional movie titled "I am mother", in case all other humans might have been extinct. This document might have been written to convay a mantra in the hope to prevent such an exctinction:   
"We might be all on the way to Pro."