Some people may try to justify war by saying:
"The only excuse for war is that
we may live in peace unharmed."
But those who understand that the essence of justice is merely vengence,
as in the movie called "V for Vendetta" may realize that
"true" atonement to restore the original state might be impossible.
That realization might trigger a series of negative emotion such as dispair in some humans,
which might end up in resentment, if untreated.
One might find peace in a treatment which might result in forgiveness exemplified in this quote:
"Forgiveness is accepting the apology
you will never receive."
One might appreciate the understanding in that quote that forgiveness requires more than just acceptance:
"Forgiveness is not a feeling; it is a commitment.
It is a choice to show mercy, not to hold the offense up against the offender.
Forgiveness is an expression of love."
The following quote focuses more on the personal aspect:
"Those who are at war, are not at peace with themselves." 
To be at peace is a way of being as it has been already stated:
"We cannot have peace, if we are only concerned with peace.
War is not an accident. It is the logical outcome of a certain way of life.
If we want to attack war, we have to attack the way of life."

There are as many ways of life, as there are individuals,
but as long as they work towards a common goal, they will be united.
This work requires understanding, which is in essence wisdom:
"Man has three ways of acting wisely.
First, on meditation; that is the noblest.
Secondly, on imitation; that is the easiest.
Thirdly, on experience; that is the bitterest."
Humanity has so far tried with experience,
thus a lot of them are bitter and resentful.
Some religions has tried with meditation,
but it ended up in ideological war.
So the only way left is through imitation, 
because not everyone has always the capacity for understanding.
In the age of weaponization of misinformation,
one might feel lost in the search for truth.
So we are at mercy of those
who genuinely cares for us with benevolence.
True care requires dedication and skill for extensive a research.
In essence, "The Ultimate Art" is an solution approach
to prevent war by caring and helping oneself and each other
with the best of ones abilities and resources, by redefining the interpretation of the word "art".
If it doesn't succeed due to its lack of maturity
caused by the limitation of resources,
the only thing left what we can do,
is to leave words of wisdom about the following mantra
for the next generation of humanity:
"We are all on the way to Pro."
