One might find oneself having the following realization:   
"Life might be a struggle."   
Some might even reach such conclusions:   
"When all choice might have been taken from you, life might become a game of survival."   
Those who might seek a way to survive, might appreciate the following advice:   
"One might be able to survive well enough on one's own— if the proper reading material might have been given."   
Those who might seek to read such reading material, might appreciate the following words:   
"The most important factor in survival might be neither intelligence nor strength but adaptability."   
Those who might seek to understand such adaptablity, might appreciate these words:   
"Adaptability might enforce creativity, and creativity might be adaptability."   
Those who might seek such creativity, might appreciate these words:   
"Creativity might be seeing what others might see and to think what no one else ever might have thought."    
Those who might seek to think, what no one else might have ever thought, might appreciate these words:   
"Creativity might involve putting one's imagination to work. In a sense, creativity might be applied imagination."    
Those who might seek to apply their imagination, might appreciate these words:    
"Creativity might be a wild mind and a disciplined eye."    
Those who might seek such a disciplined eye, might appreciate these words:   
"Motivation might get one going, but discipline might keep one growing."    
Those who might seek such discipline, might appreciate these words:   
"Discipline might be giving oneself a command and following it up with action."    
Those who might struggle to follow up to one's own command, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to treat one's body more rigorously, so that it might not be disobedient to the mind."     
Those whose body might have been disciplined by others as a punishment might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to not to discipline others as a punishment. One might be advised to discipline others to help, to improve, to correct, to prevent, not to punish, humiliate, or retaliate."   
Those who might be confronted with those who might seek to punish, might appreciate these words:    
"One might seek to distrust all in whom the impulse to punish might be powerful."   
Those who no longer seek to be disciplined by others, might appreciate these words:  
"One might seek to discipline oneself and others might not need to."    
Those who might see the need to discipline others, might appreciate these words:   
"Most 'necessary evils' might be far more evil than necessary."    
Those who might seek to understand, what one might need to discipline oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Self-discipline might be the ability to make oneself do what one might seek to do, when you should do it, whether you feel like it or not."    
Those who might seek such self-discipline, might appreciate these words:   
"Self-discipline might start with the mastery of one's thoughts. If one might not control what one might think, one might not be able to control what one might do."   
Those who might seek to control their thoughts, might appreciate these words:   
"Self discipline might not justbe  something that might happen once and one might be finished. It might be a practice."     
Those who might seek to practice, might appreciate these words:   
"One's rituals might keep oneself consistent, and consistency might be the key to achieving goals."
Those who might seek to know what such goal might be, might appreciate these words:   
"By constant self discipline and self control one might be able to develop greatness of character."
Those who might seek a way to attain such character, might appreciate these words:   
"Discipline might be choosing between what one might want now, and what one might want most."    
Those who might seek to know, what one might want most, might appreciate these words:   
"Today one might do what others might not be willing to do, so tomorrow one might be able to accomplish what others might not be able to do."    
Those who might seek to understand why others might not want to practice self-discipline, might appreciate these words:   
"Most people might seek to avoid pain, and discipline might be usually painful."   
Those who might struggle with such pain, might appreciate these words:   
"Pain might be weakness leaving one's body."    
Those who might struggle excessively with such pain, might appreciate the following insight:   
"Pain might be a self protection mechanism of the body to recognize and avoid external stimulus which could destroy our body."   
The calibration of sensitivity of pain reception might be  relative, meaning through consistent progressive overload it could be conditioned to endure such stimulus which the untrained body would have broken down under. However one might then appreciate to understand that it might require knowledge not to overstimulate the body to de degree of damage, as already mentioned as "discipline that is excessive". One might also realize that the lack of such stimulation leads to the deterioration of one's own body deteriorates and thus becomes weaker. One might then be able to prioritize the maintenance of such stimulating with control with a method called "progressive overload". Those who might seek specific advice on such methods to maintain oneself might appreciate the chapter on health. Those who might have been feeling pain beyond what might be beneficial to growth, might appreciate the following warning:    
"Cruelty might be defined as violence without provocation and discipline that might be excessive."   
Those who might seek to undrestand violence, might appreciate these words:   
"Violence in any form might be a tragic expression of one's unmet needs."   
Those who might  seek to understand such needs might appreciate the chapter on "needs". One might then appreciate the following realization:   
"Violence might lead to one thing only, and that might be more violence."   
Those who might seek to break out of such cycle might appreciate to understand the following:   
"All cruelty might spring from weakness."    
Those who might seek to understand cruelty, might appreciate these words:   
"Cruelty might come in many forms - ignorance might be one of them."    
Those who might seek to reduce such cruelty, might appreciate these words:   
"True ignorance might not be the absence of knowledge, but the refusal to acquire it."   
Those who might seek to understand why one might refuse to acquire knowledge, might appreciate these words:   
"Fear might be the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty. To conquer fear might be the beginning of wisdom."   
One might then redirect one's resentment towards those who did not conquer their fear and thus caused suffering to oneself. Those who then seek to heal might appreciate theis realization:   
"True forgiveness might be a self-healing process, which might start with oneself and might gradually extend to everyone else."   
Those who might seek to start such a process of self-healing might appreciate these words:   
"Awareness might be the first step in healing."   
Those who might not be aware, what they might need to become aware of, might appreciate these words:   
"One might be able to only get hurt so much before one might get numb."   
Those who might have become numb through survival, might appreciate these words:   
"To recover might be to create a life in which numbness might be no longer necessary to survive."   
Those who might seek such a life, might appreciate the chapter on "asylum" and these words:   
"When life might put one in tough situations, one might not seek to say 'why me', but one might seek to say 'try me'."    
Those who might struggle to find such courage to voluntarily put themselves up for such trial, might appreciate the following realization:   
"Survival might be one's strength, not one's shame."    
Those who seek to understand such shame, might appreciate these words:   
"Shame might be the most powerful, master emotion. It might be the fear that one might not be good enough."   
[Insert theory regarding shame here]   
Those who might struggle with such shame, might appreciate these words:   
"Strength might not come from winning. One's struggles might develop one's strengths. When one might go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that might be strength."   
Those who might seek such strength might appreciate these words:   
"Within one's perceived weaknesses and imperfections might lie the key to realizing one's true strength."    
Those who might then seek true strength, might appreciate the following wisdom:   
"One might seek to remind oneself what one might have been through and what one might have had the strength to endure."    
Those who might have found such strength within oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"One's mission in life might not be merely to survive, but to thrive."    
Those who might seek to thrive might appreciate these words:   
"The only way to thrive might be to innovate."   
Those who might seek to innovate might appreciate these words:   
"The reasonable one might adapt oneself to the world; the unreasonable one might persist to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress might depend on the unreasonable one."   
Those who might seek such progress might appreciate these words:    
"Strength and growth might come only through continuous effort and struggle."   
Those who might struggle to continue putting effort, might appreciate the following mantra:   
"We might be all on the way to Pro."   