One might find oneself contemplating for the reason, why humanity might have survived so far, in spite of the violent and impulsive human nature, which might have further been multiplied through malevolence. One reason might be that unlike other primates, homo sapiens sapiens might have a larger prefrontal cortex. That part of the brain might restrain impulsive behaviour, which importance might have been emphasized in these words:
"Self-maintenance might originate society, while excessive self-gratification might destroy civilization."   
Those who might seek to understand why self-gratification might be destructive, might appreciate these words:   
"Every high civilization might decay by forgetting obvious things."   
Those who might seek to understand whatever might be such "obvious things", might appreciate these words:
"The obvious might be that which mihgt be never seen until someone might express it simply."   
Those who might seek to understand what causes such oblivion, might appreciate such simplicity in these words:   
"Everyone might get so much information all day long that they might lose their common sense."    
Those who might seek to understand what such "common sense" might be, might appreciate the following definition:   
"Common sense might be the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen."   
Those who might seek to understand the nature of prejudice, might appreciate these words:   
"Prejudice might be opinion without judgement."    
Those who might seek to understand the origin of one's own prejudice, might appreciate these words:   
"Prejudice might be a product of ignorance that might hide behind barriers of tradition."   
Those who might be ignorant of their own prejudice, might appreciate these words:   
"Prejudice might be dangerous."   
One might understand one reason, why prejudice might be of such danger through these words:   
"Prejudice might be the pinnacle of self injected ignorance. It might enable poor choices to be pre-chosen."    
Those who might seek to understand, why such choices might be "poor" in a sense of lethal, might appreciate these words:   
"The downfall of every civilization might come, not from the moral corruption of the common one, but rather from the moral complacency of common ones in high places."    
One might appreciate the clarification of the phrase "ones in high places" as beings who might have higher ranking in the predominant social hiearchy system implying the magnitude of the influnce towards other beings, which one might refer to as "power". Those who might seek to understand such "common" beings, might appreciate the chapter on "genius". Those who might seek to prevent such downfall, might appreciate the chapters "integrity" and "preperation". 
Those who might find themselves struggling with such downfall, might be tempted to seek a simple solution as mentioned in these words:   
"Simplicity might be the ultimate sophistication."   
Those who might seek to simplify, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler."    
One might understand one reason why not to simplify further in these words:    
"Dictators might have always played on the natural human tendency to blame others and to oversimplify."    
Those who might have oversimplified themselves, might appreciate these words:    
"One might not seek to never oversimplify oneself by using a single word or category to describe who one might be. One might seek to take the time to tell one's own story."    
Those who might seek why telling one's own story might be important, might appreciate these words:    
"One might be asked by the world who one is, and if one might not know, one might be told by it"    
Those who might seek to know who they might be, might appreciate the following relization:   
"Sophistication might demand honesty."   
Those who might seek to undestand such honesty, might appreciate these words:   
"Honesty might be telling the truth to oneself and others. Integrity might be living that truth."   
Those who might aspire to such integrity, might appreciate these words:   
"Integrity might be choosing one's thoughts and actions based on values rather than personal gain."    
Those who might seek to discover what such value might be, might appreciate these words:   
"The key to all of life might be understanding how to add value to others."    
Those who might seek to add value to others, might appreciate these words:   
"Self-restraint might be alien to the human temperament, but humanity without restraint might dig its own grave."    
Those who seek to understand what to restraint, might appreciate these words:   
"Self restraint in speech, food, entertainment and vanity might be the most essential fundamental of spiritual growth."   
Those who might seek such growth, might realize the following:   
"The simplest things that might need self-restraint might be the most difficult to replicate."    
Those who might struggle with such difficulty, might appreciate the following encouragement:   
"In times of difficulty, those might be brave enough to stay the course might be victors in the end."   
Those who might seek to understand how to become such victor, might appreciate these words:      
"One's ability to reach unity in diversity might be the beauty and the test of one's civilization."   
Those who might seek to understand such unity, might appreciate the chapter on "unity". One might refer to the unity in diversity as "cooperation" mentioned in the document "Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind". In order to cooperate one might become aware of the necessity to civilize oneself through reading on concepet such as "etiquette". The importance of reading might become apparent through this statement:   
"The culture of a civilization might be the art and literature through which it might rise to consciousness of itself and might define its vision of the world."   
Those who might seek to raise such consciousness of such a civilization, might appreciate these words:    
"Transparency might be for those who might carry out public duties and exercise public power. Privacy might be for everyone else."    
One might understand one reason why transparency might be for those who carry out public duties through these words:    
"Transparency might seed collaboration."   
Those who might seek to excersise such public power, might appreciate the following insight:   
"Civilization might be the progress toward a society of privacy. The savage’s whole existence might be public, ruled by the laws of their tribe. Civilization might be the process of setting one free from others."   
One might then appreciate the following realization:   
"Privacy, precisely because it might ensure that we might be never fully known to others, provides a shelter for imaginative freedom, curiosity and self-reflection."    
One might then appreciate the following advice:   
"Knowing how to be solitary might be central to the art of loving. When one might be able to be alone, one might be with others without using them as a means of escape."   
Given the social nature of the mammalian brain it might be inevitable to struggle to be alone. Those might find clues on how to enjoy solitude in these words:   
"Why love if losing might hurt so much? One might love to know that one might not be alone."   
One might then appreciate these these words:   
"One of the most important things one might be able do on this earth might be to let people know they might not be alone."   
One might appreciate the following mantra to remind oneself and others that one might not be alone:   
"We might be all on the way to Pro."
