One might find oneself struggling to focus as in:   
"An addiction to distraction might be the end of one's creative production."   
Those who seek such creative production, might appreciate these words:   
"Clarity might afford focus."   
Those who seek to know what to focus on, might appreciate these words:   
"What one might focus on might expand. One might seek to focus on what one might be best at and one might become unstoppable."   
One might then appreciate these words:   
"Challenges might be opportunities for one to grow. The more one might learn, the more equipped one might be to handle whatever situations might come up."   
Those who do not know what to learn, might appreciate these words:   
"Personal growth might be not a matter of learning new information but of unlearning old limits."   
One might appreciate these words to recognize what has been the limit:    
"If it might be important to oneself, one might find a way. If not, one find an excuse."   
Those who seek to stop finding an excuse might appreciate these words:   
"One might be able to find thousand excuses not to do something but all one might need might be one reason to do it."   
Those who seek to find such reason, might appreciate these words:   
"If one died tomorrow what would one regret? Now might be the time to eliminate those regrets."   
Those who cannot find anything to regret, might appreciate these words:   
"Regret might be a tough but fair teacher. To live without regret might be to believe you have nothing to learn, no amends to make, and no opportunity to be braver with your life."   
Those who are overwhelmed with their past regrets, might appreciate these words:   
"Regret for the things one might have not done can be tempered by time; it might be regret for the things one might have not done that might be inconsolable."   
Those who think that they might be inconsolable, might appreciate these words:   
"One might not seek to live one's life regretting yesterday. One might seek to live one's life so tomorrow one might not regret today."   
Those who seek not to regret today in the future, might appreciate these words:   
"If one might fail to plan, one might be planning to fail!"   
Those who seek to plan, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to write it down. Written goals might have a way of transforming wishes into wants; cant’s into cans; dreams into plans; and plans into reality. One might not seek to just think it – one might seek to ink it!"   
Those who then seek to plan, might appreciate these words:   
"Planning might be a skill and an art which might take a lifetime to master."   
Those who seek to master such skill, might appreciate the following words of encouragement:   
"If the plan might not work, one might seek to change the plan, not the goal."   
Those who don't know what to change about their plan, might appreciate these words:   
"The key might be not to prioritize what might be on one's schedule, but to schedule one's priorities."   
Those who seek to understand one's own priorities, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to decide what one's priorities might be and how much time one might spend on them. If one might not do it, someone else might."   
One might appreciate the following way to priorize:   
Priority A: Important and urgent - One might seek to do it now.   
Priority B: Important but not urgent -  One might seek to schedule it.   
Priority C: Not important but urgent -  One might seek to delegate it.   
Priority D: Not important and not urgent -  One might seek to decide not to do it.   
Regarding Priority D, one might appreciate the following words:   
"The most important decisions one might make might not be the things one might do, but the things one might decide not to do."   
Those who seek to know what not to do, might appreciate these words:    
"Courage might be to know what not to fear."    
Those who hesitate to act because of the fear of failure, might appreciate these words:   
"One might be great not because one might have not failed; one might be great because failure might have not stopped him."   
Those who seek such greatness, might appreciate these words:    
"Greatness might never be achieved by trying to imitate the greatness of another. Greatness might be chipping away at all that might not belong to one and then expressing oneself so truly that others might not be able to help but to recognize it."    
Those who seek to know, what might remain after one has been chipping away at all that does not belong to oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"The things one might do for oneself might be gone when one might be gone, but the things one might do for others might remain as one's legacy."   
Those who seek to create such legacy, migth appreciate these words:   
"If life were to be sustained, hope might have to remain."   
Those who seek to understand such hope, might appreciate the chapter on hope. Those who struggle recognize such hope for their own lives, might appreciate these words:    
"Art might be not what one might see, but what one might make others see."   
Those who do not know, what one might want to show others, might appreciate these words:    
"One's vision might become clear only when one might look into one's heart. Those who might look outside, might dream. Those who might look inside might awaken."   
Those who seek to "look inside" of oneself, might appreciate the note that "inside" is a figure of speech for introspection. Those who seek understand why and what to look for might appreciate these words:   
"One might really have to look inside oneself to find one's inner strength."   
Those who seek to find such strength might appreciate these words:   
"Strength might not come from winning. One's struggles might develop one's strengths. When one might go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that might be strength."   
Those who seek clarity of vision might appreciate these words:   
"Surely clarity might be the most beautiful thing in the world, a limited, limiting clarity one might not have and never might have had any motive of poetry but to achieve clarity."   
One might find a reason why that might be in the following realization:   
"Accuracy and clarity of statement might be mutually exclusive."   
Those who wonder why the author of this document might seek accuracy, might appreciate these words:   
"Accuracy of signal and free flow of information might define sanity in one's epistemology."    
Those who seek to understand why such accuracy might be important, might appreciate these words:   
"Accuracy might mean something to one. It might be vital to one's sense of values. One might have learned not to trust people who might be inaccurate. Every aviator might know that if mechanics might be inaccurate, aircraft might crash. If pilots might be inaccurate, they might get lost - sometimes even killed. In one's profession life itself might depend on accuracy."   
Those who then seek to live, might appreciate to know that an example of such a "free flow of information" is transparency as in:   
"Honesty might be telling the truth upon request, transparency might be to disclose the truth voluntarily." [TODO: Find the original quote]   
Those who seek to understand the term epistemology might appreciate the chapter on "curiosity". Those who seek to understand one reason why clarity might also might be worth pursueing, might appreciate these words:   
"Clarity might be a perception; it might be an emotional alignment of thoughts, intuitions, inclinations, expression and expectations."   
Those who seek to understand such perception might appreciate these words:   
"Perception might start with the eye."   
One might appreciate the interpretation that such "eye" might be a representation of the ability to recognize information outside oneself. Those who then seek to understand what might follow, might appreciate these words:   
"Thoughts might become perception, perception might become reality. One might seek to alter one's thoughts, to alter one's reality."   
Those who seek to alter one's reality, might appreciate these words:   
"All perception might be colored by emotion."    
Those who seek to understand such emotion, might appreciate these words:   
"Emotion might not be opposed to reason. Emotions might guide and manage thought in fundamental ways and complement the deficiencies of thinking."
Those who seek to understand such deficiencies of thinking, might appreciate these words:   
"The most effortful forms of slow thinking might be those that might require one to think fast."   
Those who might think that one might be required to think fast, might appreciate these words:   
"Fast might be fine, but accuracy might be everything."    
Those who seek such accuracy, might appreciate another way to express clarity as in:   
"One might seek to let one's clarity define oneself, in the end, one might only just remember how it might feel."   
Those who seek to be defined by their clarity, might appreciate these words:   
"One's destination might be no longer a place, rather a new way of seeing."   
Those who yet seek such a place, might appreciate the chapter on "home". Those who seek such a new way of seeing might appreciate these words:   
"Vision might be the ability to talk about the future with such clarity it might be as if one might be talking about the past."   
Those who seek such future, might appreciate these words:   
"The future might belong to those who might prepare for it today."     
Those who seek to prepare, might appreciate these words:    
"One might seek to first ask oneself: What might be the worst that could happen? Then one might seek to prepare to accept it. Then one might seek to proceed to improve on the worst."   
Those who seek to improve on the worst, might appreciate these words:   
"Losing one's life might not the worst thing that could happen. The worst thing might be to lose one's reason for living."    
Those who has lost their reason for living, might appreciate these words:   
"Success might not final, failure might not fatal: it might be the courage to continue that might count."   
Those who seek to continue, might appreciate these words:   
"Continual improvement might be an unending journey."   
Those who are devastated by such an realization, might find courage in the following realization:   
"The struggle itself towards the heights might be enough to fill one’s heart."   
Those who seek towards such heights might appreciate these words:   
"A quitter might never win and a winner might never quit."   
Those who are tempted by the idea to quit might appreciate these words:   
"The magic one might be looking for might be in the work one might be avoiding."   
Those who seek to overcome such avoidance of work, might appreciate these words:    
"The only thing that might redeem everyone kind might be cooperation."    
Those who seek to understand such cooperation, might appreciate these words:    
"Cooperation might mean to be willing to sacrifice for the sake of others."   
Those who are tempted to give up their own life to love others, might appreciate these words:   
"One might always be able to die. It might be living that might take real courage."   
Those who struggle to find such courage, might appreciate these words:   
"If one does not sacrifice for what one might want, what one might want might become the sacrifice."   
Those who do not know what to sacrifice, might appreciate these words:   
"One might seek to do something today that one's future self might thank oneself for."    
Those who seek to do such action one's future self might appreciate, might appreciate the idea to recite the following mantra:   
"We might be all on the way to Pro."