One might encounter an ability or property
which could be referred as "connecting".
Those might then regard to that connection as art,
since life would not be possible without connection of atoms.
Once one has understood the concept of connection,
one may be tempted to call oneself and others an "artist".
One might then feel the desire to devote all of their
effort to improve their art:
"It is through art, and through art only,
that we can realise our perfection."
One might appreciate the clarity in these words:
"Perfection is the willingness to be imperfect."
Those might appricate an event called
"The Ultimate Art" where one may find an occation
to accept one's own imperfection of
oneself and others with compassion,
which is one of the "four elements of true love"
described in Zen.
One may even get to a state of exploration in joy
for inspirations to speak,
knowing that someone is listening nearby,
who will be as much exited as oneself,
when hearing what one has to say.
One might be inspired to call it the "ultimate connection".
But there might be those who feel the desire to hide,
especially the true emotions, which might decrease the motivation
to keep seeking for the ultimate connection.
Those who are struggling might then appreciate
these words of encouragement:
"Believing that you’re enough is
what gives you the courage to be authentic."
Those who seek for the faith in oneself
might appreciate the following mantra:
"We might be all on the way to Pro."

_____

One might appreciate the universality of the following quote trying to define life:
"My definition of life is any system able to produce complexity at scale."
One might then try to apply that definition to one's own life,
which might be full of difficulty and suffering.
In that case, one requires the obsession to keep defining life as "good",
otherwise it would unnecessarily result in termination of the ability to be productive,
which is known as death.
One might then wonder, what would be necessary to maintain productivity and thus life.
Since the world is comprised of atoms,
one can understand complexitiy as the change of distance of atoms.
If the distance of two atoms are close enough,
they keep that distance through a mechanism refered a chemical bond.
That maintenace of a certain distance might be regarded as connection,
which build the first source code for life called DNA.
Any change to that DNA is called mutation,
which is inevitable and necessary to maintain genetic diversity in carbon based lifeforms.
Some carbon based lifeforms are capable to communicate and help each other,
when they can recognise "meaning" in their actions.
The action which has kept humanity alive so far can be regarded as "The Ultimate Art",
which is an event celebrating the "ultimate" connection created so far.
That state in "ultimate" connection can be regarded as Pro.
It requires time to improve oneself to reach that state of being Pro.
That time can become a lonesome journey,
since not everyone can have the capacity for the "ultimate" connection all the time.
Those who seek the "ultimate connection" can be regarded as "Pro-artists",
whose life is a battle fought on many levels.
In midst of war, one longs for heart moving words to stop it.
In solitude to mastery of a skill, one longs some company like a captains log.
In both cases one might appreciate the following words of encouragement to keep defining one's own life as good,
in the hope to create the "ultimate" connection:
"We might be all on the way to Pro."
