One might find oneself feeling trapped in repeating the same daily routine to the degree that one might dread every step. Those who might seek to escape such routine, might appreciate these words:   
"The awakening of consciousness might be the next evolutionary step for humankind."    
Those who might seek to understand, what such "consciousness" might be, might be left confused as in:   
"One might have no idea how the subjective quality of consciousness might emerge from the physical stuff of the brain."   
Those who might then wonder, might appreciate the following definition:    
"Consciousness might the awareness that might emerge out of the dialectical tension between possibilities and limitations."   
Those who might seek to understand such limitation, might appreciate these words:   
"Until one might make the unconscious conscious, it might direct one's life and one might call it fate."    
Those who might seek to understand such possibilities, might appreciate these words:   
"Imagination might be the power of the mind over the possibilities of things."    
Those who might seek to understand such imagination, might appreciate the chapter on "imagination". Those who seek to understand such awareness, might appreciate these words:    
"Awareness might require only that one might pay attention and see things as they might be."   
Those who might then realize the finitude of one's own attention, might appreciate these words:    
"Attention might be a limited resource, so one might seek to pay attention to where one might pay attention."   
Those who might wonder where to pay one's attention, might appreciate the following advice:    
"If one might not pay appropriate attention to what one might have one's attention, it might take more of one's attention than it might deserve."    
One might appreciate the following piece of advice in case that "it" might be referencing oneself:   
"The love and attention one might have always thought one wanted from someone else might be the love and attention one might first need to give to oneself."    
Those who might not know how to love oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"To be beautiful might mean to be oneself. One might no need to be accepted by others. One might need to accept oneself."   
Those who might struggle to accept oneself, might appreciate these words:    
"One might not be not what happened to oneself, one might be what one might have choosen to become."    
Those who might not know how to choose, might appreciate the following realization:   
"Morality might not the doctrine of how one might make oneself happy, but how one might make oneself worthy of happiness."    
Those who might wonder, how to make oneself worthy, might encounter such words:    
"It might not enough to just be oneself. One might need be one's best self."   
Those who might recognize the potential danger to one's self esteem in those words, might appreciate the following words:    
"The solution to low self-esteem might be to get over oneself and get a higher purpose."   
One might find such a purpose through these words:   
"One might need to be kind to oneself so one might be able to be happy enough to be kind to the world."    
Those who might seek to be kind towards oneself, might appreciate the following realization:    
"Doing one's best might be more important than being the best."    
One might then be confronted with the following realization:    
"Sometimes doing one's best might not be good enough. Sometimes one might need do what might be required."     
Those who might not be able to do what one might be required to do, might appreciate the following wisdom:    
"No one ever might attain success by simply doing what might be required of oneself."    
Those who might keep seeking for success, might appreciate the following realization:    
"Believing that one might be enough, might be what might give oneself the courage to be authentic."    
Those who might seek such courage to be authentic, might appreciate the following mantra:    
"We might be all on the way to Pro."    
