One might appreciate the following realization:   
"There is no greater danger than underestimating your opponent."    
One might then appreciate the recognition of the invisible opponent in these words:   
"When we are tired, we are attacked by ideas we conquered long ago."   
One might appreciate this document as one way to prepare for the future attacks trying to study the mentioned "old ideas". One way to understand "old ideas" could be referred as "ideology", which definitions may vary due to its complex nature. One might then appreciate the book titled "Blood and Soil", in which the following four traits of genocidal ideologies are mentioned:   
1. "Cults of antiquity":    
The nostalgia for an idealized past awakens the deadly desire to be the "the chosen ones", which can be understood as one of the three poisons mentioned in Buddhism as "attachment". One might then find utility in the following quote:   
"You must learn from your past mistakes, but not lean on your past successes."    
2. "Fetishization of land and agriculture":    
Those "chosen ones" claim a specific piece of fertile land by force, which is only possible through the second poison mentioned in Buddism, which is "ignorance". One might appreciate the potential dangers pointed out in the following quote:    
"The first person who, having enclosed a plot of land, took it into his head to say this is mine and found people simple enough to believe him was the
true founder of civil society. What crimes, wars, murders, what miseries and horrors would the human race have been spared, had some one pulled up the stakes or filled in the ditch and cried out to his fellow men: 'Do not listen to this imposter. You are lost if you forget that the fruits of the earth belong to all and the earth to no one!'"   
3. "Ethnic hatred":   
The "chosen ones" use an common "enemy" to unite among themselves, which might remind third poison mentioned in Buddhism is "aversion", the reason for which has been recognized well as in:   
"Haters don't really hate you, they hate themselves because you're a reflection of what they wish to be."   
One might appreciate the clarity in the following description for an ideology:   
"The minimum necessary structuring ingredient of every ideology is to distance itself from another ideology, to denounce its other as ideology."   
4. "Expansion":   
The "chosen ones" desire more land than necessary for mere survial. The three poisons of buddishm are often represented as three animals biting in each others tails building a cycle, amplifying each other with each cycle, which in this case leads to expansion of the suffering. A way out has been pointed out as in:   
"If you are ruled by mind you are a king; if by body, a slave."    
Those who seek to be ruled by their mind, might appreciate another insightful possibility for definition of an ideology as following:   
"Ideology is the enemy of joyful community life, and the most destructive ideology is the belief that creating utopia is possible."   
Those who seek to understand what such a "utopia" might be, might appreciate these words:   
"Utopias rest on the fallacy that perfection is a legitimate goal of human existence."   
For those who is kept alive through the obsession of pursuing an utopia, they might appreciate the following realization:   
"Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence."   
One might then appreciate this wisdom:   
"When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps."    
One might appreciate the following suggestion for such an adjustment:   
"Life is a journey with problems to solve and lessons to learn but most of all: experiences to enjoy."   
It might be impossible to ultimately determine whether one is free from any ideology, but as long as one does not neglect to think for oneself, there might be hope as emphasized as in:   
"I think ideology is toxic, all ideology. It’s not that there are good ones and bad ones. All ideology is toxic, because ideology is a kind of insult to the gift of human free thinking."   
One might aprreciate the following advice on how to recognize an ideology:   
"Ideology is a partial truth masquerading as the whole truth."   
Those who claim to have attained the whole truth, might appreciate these words:   
"For someone who seems to know it all, how come you don't know that you're stupid?"    
Those who seek to discover their own stupidity, might appreciate these words:    
"Any fool can know. The point is to understand."    
Those who seek to understand, might appreciate these words:    
"One cannot know everything."    
Those who think they know everything, might appreciate these words:   
"It’s hubris to think that the way we see things is everything there is."    
Those who are confrontet with such hubris, might appreciate these words:   
"Hubris is the antithesis of wisdom; therefore, we ought to be especially concered to understand hubris as well as we can."    
One might understand one reason why one might seek to understand one's own hubris through these words:   
"Hubris itself will not let you be an artist."    
Those who keep seeking to understand, might appreciate the advice to keep asking "why" until one cannot answer anymore. Those who could not answer anymore, might appreciate to know that such "final reason" might be able to define as "believe" as in:   
"One believes things because one has been conditioned to believe them."   
Those who have recognized one's own conditioning, might appreciate these words:   
"Man’s conditioning has been so powerful that it has all but destroyed his ability to be self aware."    
Those who seek to regain the ability to be self aware, might appreciate the following explaination:   
"Being self-aware is not the absence of mistakes, but the ability to learn and correct them."    
Those who seek to correct their own mistakes, might appreciate these words:   
"The first step toward change is awareness. The second step is acceptance."    
Those who do not know what to accept, might appreciate these words:    
"Not-knowing is true knowledge. Presuming to know is a disease. First realize that you are sick; then you can move toward health."      
Those who seek to move toward health, might appreciate these words:   
"You have to believe in yourself despite the evidence."   
Those who seek to understand why one might need to believe in oneself in these words:    
"Hope is believing in spite of the evidence, and then watching the evidence change."   
Those who seek to understand hope, might appreciate the chapter on "hope". Those who seek clarity on the term of "belief" in general, might appreciate these words:   
"Faith is conviction without evidence, and sometimes even in the face of contrary evidence. In some quarters, this quality is perceived as a virtue."   
One might understand why such faith might only be perceived as a virtue but actuall might not be a virtue these words:   
"Convictions are more dangerous enemies of truth than lies."   
One might appreciate to understand one reason why a conviction might be dangerous through these words:   
"A belief is something you will argue about. A conviction is something you will die for."   
Those who struggle with those who have a conviction which might harm oneself or thers, might might underestand one reason, why it might even be fatal:   
"A total absence of self-doubt is the first sign of insanity."    
Those who seek to understand such insanity might appreciate the following definition:   
"Faith is belief without evidence and reason; coincidentally that’s also the definition of delusion."    
Those who then seek do discover wether one might be delusional, might appreciate these words:   
"If it is a miracle, any sort of evidence will answer, but if it is a fact, proof is necessary."   
One might understand one reason why such proof might be necessary in these words:   
"The absence of evidence is not the evidence of absence."   
Those who seek to understand why that might be, might appreciate these words:   
"The lack of understanding of something is not evidence for God. It's evidence of a lack of understanding."   
Those who seek evidence for such entity one might refer as "god", might appreciate these words:   
"The final philosophy is the ontology of God."   
Those who seek to understand such ontology might appreciate these words:   
"We are looking for a complete, coherent, and simple understanding of reality. Given what we know about the universe, there seems to be no reason to invoke God as part of this description."    
Those who seek to invoke such entity one might refer as "god" as part of such description of reality, might appreciate these words:   
"If an ontology predicts almost nothing it ends up explaining almost nothing, and there’s no reason to believe it."    
Those who struggle with those spreading such ontology, might appreciate the following idea:    
"We must revisit the idea that science is a methodology and not an ontology."    
Those who seek to make such predictions with the methodology of such science, might appreciate these words:   
"Prediction is not just one of the things your brain does. It is the primary function of the neo-cortex, and the foundation of intelligence."    
"The best way to predict the future is to create it."    
Those who seek to create such future, might appreciate these words:   
"It is not enough to have the courage of your convictions, you must also have the courage to have your convictions challenged."
Those whose conviction has been challanged, might appreciate these words:   
"One with conviction will overwhelm a hundred who have only opinions."
Those who seek to understand the difference between an opinion and conviction might appreciate these words:   
"Conviction is not merely an opinion. It is something rooted so deeply in the conscience that to change a conviction would be to change the very essence of who you are."   
Those who have found their conviction might appreciate these words:    
"Conviction is worthless unless it is converted into conduct."    
Those who seek to put their conviction into conduct might appreciate these words:
"Knowledge becomes wisdom only after it has been put to good use."   
Those who seek to put their knowledge to good use, might appreciate the following warning:   
"A strong conviction that something must be done is the parent of many bad measures."   
One might understand one reason why that might be through these words:   
"Conviction is a good motive, but a bad judge."   
One might understand why such good motive might not be sufficient in these words:   
"Bad decisions made with good intentions, are still bad decisions."    
Those who seek to make good decisions might appreciate these words:   
"All reasoning ends in an appeal to self-evidence."   
Those who seek to reason rather tha nappeal to self-evidence, might appreciate these words:   
"Belief is knowing what you believe. Conviction is knowing why you believe it."    
Those who seek to know such reason for one's conviction, might appreciate to hear the following words from someone who shares the same conviction:      
"Because I will be with you through every step of whatever you might go through."    
Those who seek such company, might appreciate the following mantra:   
"We are all on the way to Pro."   
