One might appreciate the keen observation
by Earnest Hemingway:
"All things truly wicked start from innocence."
One might appreciate one of such "wicked" things
described by an unknown author:
"Your ignorance on corruption is their power."
One might then appreciate the realization
about the nature of power by Lord Acton:
"All power tends to corrupt and
absolute power corrupts absolutely."
One might then ask the same question
as James Moore did:
"If knowledge is power and power corrupt,
does knowledge corrupt?"
One might agree to the response by Elie Wiesel:
"Knowledge does not corrupt, unless it is arrogant;
but then it is not true knowledge."
One might appreciate the wisdom by Mark Twain:
"Knowledge becomes wisdom only after
it has been put to good use."
One might be tempted to hide knowledge to
prevent malevolent usage of it.
In that case one might appreciate the such
a wisdom by Gemma Malley:
"Secrets were never good. 
hey were supposed to protect people,
but they never did.
They always made things worse."
One might appreciate another wisdom
by Frank Herbert:
"Power attracts the corruptible.
Suspect any who seek it."
The following wisdom by Tacitus might be
helpful to recognize corruption:
"The more corrupt the state, the more laws."
One might appreciate the solution approach by
Narendra Modi:
"While transparency reduces corruption,
good governance goes beyond transparency
in achieving openness.
Openness means involving the stakeholders in
decision-making process.
Transparency is the right to information
while openness is the right to participation."
One might realize that the right to participate
is rather an obligation to participate through
the words by Voltaire:
"Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do."
One might appreciate the encouraging words
by Les Brown for those who feel guilty:
"Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes
and move on."
One might appreciate the approach to move on by
Lemony Snicket:
"In a world too often governed by corruption and arrogance,
it can be difficult to stay true to one’s
philosophical and literary principles."
The author wants help those in difficulty,
by offering the chapter on "D5",
which contains the design of a legislative system,
which decisions are based on principles to solve problems
rather than mere opinion.
The reason migtt become apparent in the following quote
by Voltaire:
"Opinion rules the world, but in the long run
it is the philosophers who shape opinion."
One might find an answer why that is in the following
quote by the one of the most influential philosopher
of science - Immanuel Kant:
"Act that your principle of action
might safely be made a law for the whole world."
