One might find oneself struggling in a situation described in these words:   
"The deepest problems of modern life derive from the claim of the individual to preserve the autonomy and individuality of his existence in the face of overwhelming social forces, of historical heritage, of external culture, and of the technique of life."   
Those who seek to claim their individuality might appreciate the chapte on "unity". Those who struggle with social forces might apprecite the chapter on "humanity" and "ultimate". Those who are overwhelmed by their historical heritage might appreciate the chapter on "peace". Those who struggle with external culture might appreciate the chapter on "civilization". Those who struggle with the technique of life might appreciate the chapters "preperation", "survival" and "needs".   
Those who seek to preserve one's autonomy might appreciate these words:   
"The first step toward maintaining autonomy in any programmed environment is to be aware that there's programming going on. It's as simple as understanding the commercials are there to help sell things. And that TV shows are there to sell commercials, and so on."   
Those who seek to become more aware might appreciate the chapters  "consciousness" and "realization". Those who struggle with those who desire to sell them something, might appreciate the chapter on "asylum". Those who seek to understand such programming might appreciate the chapter on "harmony". Those seek to take further steps to maintain their autonomy but lack the motivation might appreciate these words:    
"The three things that motivate creative people - autonomy, mastery, purpose!"    
Those who seek to understand mastery might appreciate the chapter on "ultimate". Those who seek tp understand purpose might appreciate the chapter on "meaning". Those who seek to understand autonomy might appreciate these words:   
"Autonomy is freedom to develop one's self - to increase one's knowledge, improve one's skills, and achieve responsibility for one's conduct. And it is freedom to lead one's own life, to choose among alternative courses of action so long as no injury to others results."   
Those who seek such freedom  might appreciate the chaper on "hope". Those who seek such knowledge might appreciate the chapter on "good". Those who seek to improve one's such skill might appreciate the chapter on "feedback". Those who seek to achieve such responsibility might appreciate the chapter on "responsibility" and "integrity". Those who struggle with such a choice might appreciate the chapter on "clarity". Those who seek to recover from such a injury might appreciate the chater on health. Those who seek develop oneself might appreciate these words:   
"Your curiosity is your growth point."   
Those who seek to understand one reason why that might be, might appreciate these words:   
"Curiosity keeps leading us down new paths."   
Those who seek to understand why such new paths might become necessary might appreciate these words:   
"We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them."  
