One might find oneself struggling in a situation described in these words:   
"The deepest problems of modern life derive from the claim of the individual to preserve the autonomy and individuality of his existence in the face of overwhelming social forces, of historical heritage, of external culture, and of the technique of life."   
Those who seek to claim their individuality might appreciate the chapte on "unity". Those who struggle with social forces might apprecite the chapter on "humanity" and "ultimate". Those who are overwhelmed by their historical heritage might appreciate the chapter on "peace". Those who struggle with external culture might appreciate the chapter on "civilization". Those who struggle with the technique of life might appreciate the chapters "preperation", "survival" and "needs".   
Those who seek to preserve one's autonomy might appreciate these words:   
"The first step toward maintaining autonomy in any programmed environment is to be aware that there's programming going on. It's as simple as understanding the commercials are there to help sell things. And that TV shows are there to sell commercials, and so on."   
Those who seek to become more aware might appreciate the chapters  "consciousness" and "realization". Those who struggle with those who desire to sell them something, might appreciate the chapter on "asylum". Those who seek to understand such programming might appreciate the chapter on "harmony". Those seek to take further steps to maintain their autonomy but lack the motivation might appreciate these words:    
"The three things that motivate creative people - autonomy, mastery, purpose! Autonomy: the urge to direct our own lives. Mastery: the desire to get better and better at something that matters. Purpose: the yearning to do what we do in the service of something larger than ourselves. these are the building blocks of an entirely new operating system for our businesses."    
Those who seek to understand mastery might appreciate the chapter on "ultimate". Those who seek tp understand purpose might appreciate the chapter on "meaning". Those who seek to understand autonomy might appreciate these words:   
"Autonomy is freedom to develop one's self - to increase one's knowledge, improve one's skills, and achieve responsibility for one's conduct. And it is freedom to lead one's own life, to choose among alternative courses of action so long as no injury to others results."   
Those who seek such freedom  might appreciate the chaper on "hope". Those who seek such knowledge might appreciate the chapter on "good". Those who seek to improve one's such skill might appreciate the chapter on "feedback". Those who seek to achieve such responsibility might appreciate the chapter on "responsibility" and "integrity". Those who struggle with such a choice might appreciate the chapter on "clarity". Those who seek to recover from such a injury might appreciate the chater on health. Those who seek develop oneself might appreciate these words:   
"Your curiosity is your growth point."   
Those who seek to understand one reason why that might be, might appreciate these words:   
"Curiosity keeps leading us down new paths."   
Those who seek to understand why such new paths might become necessary might appreciate these words:   
"We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them."  
Those who seek such new paths might appreciate these words:   
"The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing."   
Those who seek to understand one of such reason for existing might appreciate these words:   
"Curiosity is the essence of human existence. 'Who are we? Where are we? Where do we come from? Where are we going?' I don’t know. I don’t have any answers to those questions. I don’t know what’s over there around the corner. But I want to find out."   
Those who seek to understand why it might be uniquely valuable to humans, might appreciate these words:   
"Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit."   
Those who seek to understand the "human spirit" might appreciate these words:   
"Human spirit is the ability to face the uncertainty of the future with curiosity and optimism. It is the belief that problems can be solved, differences resolved. It is a type of confidence. And it is fragile. It can be blackened by fear and superstition."   
Those who seek to understand curiousity might appreciate these words:   
"Curiosity in children is but an appetite for knowledge."   
Those whose appetite for knowledge has decreased might appreciate these words:   
"It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education."   
Those who seek to understand where such might lead to, might appreciate these words:   
"The proper end of teaching is to lead our students toward autonomy."  
Those who seek to lead their students towards autonomy, might appreciate these words:   
"Teach principles not formulas."    
Those who seek to understand why teaching such principles might be important, might appreciate these words:    
"If you focus on principles, you empower everyone who understands those principles to act without constant monitoring, evaluating, correcting, or controlling."    
Those who seek such autonomy, might appreciate these words:   
"To reject revelational epistemology is to commit yourself to defending the truth of autonomous epistemology."   
One might appreciate the simplicity of the explaination of the term "epistemology" as following:   
"Epistemology is the study of knowledge. By what conduit do we know what we know?"   
One might appreciate the explaination of the term "revelational epistemology" as the conduit of gaining knowledge through some "supernatural sources" or "divinity" some might refer to as "god" or "gods". One who seek to reject such conduit might appreciate the explaination of "autonomous epistemology", which is the conduit of gaining knowledge through one's own experience as in:   
"Science is the systematic classification of experience."   
Those who seek to classify their own experience systematically might appreciate these words:   
"Whatever the measurement system is, it needs to be consistent, repeatable, and as unbiased as possible."   
Those who wonder why being entirely unbiased might not be possible might appreciate these words:   
"But epistemology is always and inevitably personal. The point of the probe is always in the heart of the explorer: What is my answer to the question of the nature of knowing?"   
Those who seek such an answer might appreciate these words:   
"The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science."   
One might then be confronted with such an mysterious experience as in:   
"I am a mystery to myself."   
Those who are overwhelmed might appreciate the following advice:   
"The mystery of life is not a problem to be solved but a reality to be experienced."   
Some might struggle to accept such reality as described in these words:   
"Mystery is delightful, but unscientific, since it depends upon ignorance."   
One might appreciate the interpreation of the term ignorance as following:   
"True ignorance is not the absence of knowledge, but the refusal to acquire it."   
One might appreciate to understand why one might refuse to give up their ignorance in these words:   
"Ignorance is the most delightful science in the world because it is acquired without labor or pains and keeps the mind from melancholy."   
Those who seek to overcome such melancholy rather than just escaping them, might appreciate these words:   
"Those who know nothing about history are doomed forever to repeat it."   
Those who seek to break such cycle might appreciate these words:   
"While it is wise to learn from experience, it is wiser to learn from the experiences of others."   
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing."   
Those who are still tempted to refuse such knowledge, might appreciate these words:   
"Ignorance is not bliss. Bliss is knowing the full meaning of what you have been given."    
Those who seek to know, what one might have been given, might appreciate these words:   
"The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away."   
Those who give away whatever they might have to offer, might struggle as in:   
"You can give without loving, but you cannot love without giving."   
Those who seek to understand love might appreciate these words:   
"Love is an endless mystery, because there is no reasonable cause that could explain it."   
Those who yet seek to understand such love might appreciate the chapter on "transcendence".
Those who seek to express such love might appreciate the following realization:   
"There is nothing more truly artistic than to love people."    
Those who seek to understand why that might be, might appreciate these words:   
"Don’t give to get. Give to inspire others to give."    
Those who seek to inspire others might appreciate these words:   
"Curiosity is the offspring of mystery. For without mystery there be no need for curiosity. Curiosity is the search for the things that can be, it is the inspiration of the true adventurer."   
Those who seek to become such an adventurer might appreciate these words:   
"The hero journey is inside of you; tear off the veils and open the mystery of your self."    
Those who struggle to start such a journey might appreciate these words:   
"You have to lose your mind in order to regain your senses."   
Those who struggle to lose their mind, might appreciate these words:   
"Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time."   
Those who seek to understand such art might appreciate the chapter on "ultimate".

Those who have not found themselves after they have lost themselves might appreciate these words:   
"Autonomy and independence involve taking care of yourself – not doing things that diminish you."   
Those who seek to understand what such things are which might be diminishing them, might appreciate these words:   
"Children learn more from what you are than what you teach."   
Those who then seek improve the formal education might appreciate these words:   
"One or two bad teachers is a problem with the teachers. A school with many bad teachers is a problem of leadership."   
Those who seek to lead might appreciate the chapter on "clarity". Those who seek to recognize such bad teachers, might appreciate these words:   
"When people don’t have any curiosity about themselves, that is always a bad sign."   
One might understand one reason why the lack of curiousity about oneself might be a bad sign in these words:   
"There are no foolish questions, and no man becomes a fool until he has stopped asking questions."   
Those who seek to understand how such people might cause harm, might appreciate these words:   
"The bad teacher imposes his ideas and his methods on his pupils, and such originality as they may have is lost in the second-rate art of imitation." 
Those who think that they have lost their originality might appreciate the chapter on "originality". Those who are still imposing such ideas and methods might appreciate these words:   
"It is far better to grasp the universe as it really is than to persist in delusion, however satisfying and reassuring."   
Those who seek to understand such delusion might appreciate these words:   
"Your perspective is always limited by how much you know. Expand your knowledge and you will transform your mind."   
Those who feel resistance to expand their knowledge, might appreciate these words:
"Faith means not wanting to know, what the truth is."
Those who are tempted by such faith, might appreciate these words:
"True ignorance is not the absence of knowledge, but the refusal to acquire it."
Those who then seek to expand one's knowledge might appreciate these words:   
"True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing. And in knowing that you know nothing, that makes you the smartest of all."   
Those who think of themselves such "smartest of all" through knowledge, might appreciate these words:   
"Any fool can know. The point is to understand."   
Those who seek to understand why knowing is not enough, might appreciate these words:   
"Knowledge without action is wastefulness and action without knowledge is foolishness."   
Those who struggle to understand might appreciate these words:   
"People like it when they understand something that they previously thought they couldn’t understand. It’s a sense of empowerment."   
Those who seek to know what to say to those bad teachers, might appreciate these words:   
"No such thing as bad student. Only bad teacher."   
Those who seek to know what to say to those who insist on teaching them, might appreciate these words:   
"Teaching has its virtues, but it is often bad for the teacher."   
Those who still seek to be a such a virtuous teacher, might appreciate these words:   
"The whole art of teaching is only the art of awakening the natural curiosity of young minds for the purpose of satisfying it afterwards."   
Those who seek to inspire might appreciate these words:   
"Good teaching is one-forth preperation and three-fourths theater."   
Those who seek to prepare might appreciate the chapter on "preperation".   
Those who seek to understand theater might appreciate the advice to research "improv theater". One might understand one reason why that might be in these words:   
"The test of a good teacher is not how many questions he can ask his pupils that they will answer readily, but how many questions he inspires them to ask him which he finds it hard to answer."   
Those who then still seek to teach might appreciate the following insight:   
"Sharing knowledge is not about giving people something, or getting something from them. That is only valid for information sharing. Sharing knowledge occurs when people are genuinely interested in helping one another develop new capacities for action; it is about creating learning processes."   
Those who seek to create such a process might appreciate these words:    
"It is so important to allow children to bloom and to be driven by their curiosity."   
Those who seek to understand why might appreciate these words:   
"Curiosity, especially intellectual inquisitiveness, is what separates the truly alive from those who are merely going through the motions."     
Those who seek to understand why curiousity might be so crucial might appreciate these words:   
"Knowledge has to be improved, challenged, and increased constantly, or it vanishes."   
Those who are tempted to give up might appreciate these words:   
"Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit."   
Those who seek to know what such reward might be, might appreciate these words:   
"Knowledge is power. If it is not applied properly to create, let there be no doubts, it will destroy."   
Those who have seen such destruction might find have compassion with these words:   
"The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom."   
Those who seek to gather wisdom might appreciate these words:   
"Wisdom comes not from age, but from education and learning."    

Those who seek to understand wisdom might appreciate these words:   
"To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe."    
Those who do not know what to observe might appreciate these words:   
"You can learn many things from children. How much patience you have, for instance."    
Those who seek such patience might appreciate the chapter on "patience".   
Those wo seek to help such children might appreciate these words:   
"If you can light the spark of curiosity in a child, they will learn without any further assistance."   
Those who seek to spark such curiosity might appreciate the following mantra:   
"We might be all on the way to Pro."
