Disclaimer: This document includs topis on mental health.

A life in a state of low awareness will be effortless,
because it is mere priviledge which miraculously kept one alive.
A life in a state of high awareness will be effortful,
which would stretch the perception of one second to infinity.
If one would see another suffering in that state of high awareness caused by chronic pain,
it would be mercy to offer them euthanasia.
But since suicide is not an option which can be reverted,
one will be tormented knowing that others live in suffering,
which can be referred in german as "Weltschmerz" which can be translated to "world pain".
And the reason why humanity is still alive is,
because we are the only known species to be able to see meaning in that "Weltschmerz" as:
"He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how."
So if one failed to find a "why",
benevolence would be to help them find a way to their "why",
as postulated as:
"Assisted suicide is a reversal of the
proper role of a doctor as a healer, comforter and consoler to an
improper role of the physician causing a patient's death."
Thus one might define benevolence as the effort to unite humanity
despite of the suffering of individuals,
which will be one of the most effortful event in the history of humankind,
requiring everything what each life of individuals has to offer.
Those who are suffering might appreciate the
encouraging words for guidance:
"Until your mission is an obsession,
nothing will change in your life."
One may appreciate the priviledge of the freedom to refer someone as an artist.
But if those who might feel the urge to proclaim oneself an artist
might appreciate the advice not restain that urge,
if the declaration would have been made without the mission to survive.
One might appreciate the explaination for the reason of that advise
in the recognition of potential for retaliation by those who might feel offended.
Those who might feel offended might find peace by appreciating it as an opportunity to mature.
One may realize that the only benevolent action to those who are offending might be to wish
that them may not learn all the lessons from history the hard way by saying:
"We are all on the way to Pro"
