One might sympathize with the following statement by Oscar Wilde:
"Experience is the hardest kind of teacher.
It gives you the test first and the lesson afterward."
Thema Bryant stated:
"If I had only bad experiences, [...].
If I believed that it is all that exists
then the conclusion would be, I am unworthy. [...]
In order for me to come to a different conclusion that
I am worthy of what I have not yet experienced,
I have to have the belief of the 'more'."
With "more" she was referring to spirituality,
which she definded as:
"It is an awareness of the sacred beyond what we can see."
Becoming more aware is called awakening,
which in Buddism is referred to as "Enlightenment",
usually requiring an ascetic lifestlye including meditation.
The efficacy of meditation was proven with the progress in science,
which the redefinition of the word "Enlightenment" by Immanuel Kant was essential:
"Enlightenment is man's emergence from his self-incurred immaturity."
According to Kant:
"Maturity is having the courage to use one's own intelligence."
As Stephen Hawking pointed out:
"Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change."
The biggest change one can refuse is to knowledge as Karl Popper states:
"True ignorance is not the absence of knowledge, 
but the refusal to acquire it."
As Mark Twain said it well:
"Knowledge becomes wisdom only after it has been put to good use."
One might appreciate the piece of wisdom by Billy Connolly:
"Avoid people who say they know the answer.
Keep the company of people who are trying to understand the question."
The first schools originating in ancient greece inspired to pursue ones curiosity,
but through standartization of tests modern schools became more of a sieve for obedience.
As Sydney Gurewitz Clemens puts it:
"Art has the role in education of helping children become like themselves
instead of more like everyone else." 
Pablo Picasso has already understood the problem:
"All children are artists.
The problem is how to remain an artist one he grows up."
One might see a solution approach to that problem
in the following quote by John Hendrix:
"The ultimate question for a responsible man to ask is not
how he is to extricate himself heroically from the affair,
but how the coming generation is going to live."
