One might find oneself with such a overwhelmed feeling as in:   
"Sometimes I feel my whole life has been one big rejection."    
Those who feel rejected might appreciate these words of encouragement:   
"Sometimes rejection in life is really redirection."    
Those who struggle to accept such redirection might appreciate these words:   
"Rejection is a human interaction with two sides. It often says more about the rejector than the rejectee, and should never be used as the universal truth and sole judgment of merit."    
Those who seek to understand what a information the rejector might be revealing about themselves, might appreciate these words:
"Rejection doesn't mean you aren't good enough; it means the other person failed to notice what you have to offer."
Those who feel like they have nothing to offer might appreciate the following words of encouragement:   
"The greatest form of charity may be to withhold judgement."    
Those who seek to understand one reason why that might be might appreciate these words:   
"Judgement is often no more than a confession of ignorance."    
Those who struggle with those who have confessed their ignorance might appreciate the chapter on "ideology" and "survival".  
Those who then seek to exercise other forms of charity, might appreciate these words:
"As for charity, it is injurious unless it helps the recipient become independent of it."
Those who seek to exercise such charity, might appreciate these words:
"There is no limit to the amount of good you can do if you don't care who gets the credit."
Those who struggle with those who are not charitable in such a way,might appreciate these words:
"When we are no longer able to change a situation – we are challenged to change ourselves."   
Those who struggle to embrace such challange might appreciate these words:   
"Challenges are opportunities for me to grow. The more I learn, the more equipped I am to handle whatever situations come up."   
Those who then seek to understand what could be changed about oneself, might appreciate these words:  
"Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything."   
Those who seek to change one's own mind might appreciate these words:   
"Prejudice means literally pre-judgment, the rejection of a contention out of hand, before examining the evidence. Prejudice is the result of powerful emotions, not of sound reasoning."   
Those who have to face such prejudice might appreciate these words:   
"An objection is not a rejection; it is simply a request for more information."   
Those who do not know what do do with that information one has gained might appreciate the following piece of wisdom:   
"Knowledge becomes wisdom only after it has been put to good use."   
Those who seek to understand what "good" might be, might appreciate the chapter on "good".
Those who seek to put their knowledge to good use might be confronted with such a situation:    
"Change is good, but sometimes leaving things the way they’ve always been is better."   
Those who then seek to improve might appreciate these words:   
"We all need people who will give us feedback. That’s how we improve."   
Those who seek to understand who such people might be, might appreciate these words:    
"Feedback is a gift only when it comes from a person who has earned your trust."
Those who seek to earn such trust might appreciate the following realization:   
"Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence."   
Those who seek to be arduous and diligent, might appreciate the following information on feedback:   
"Feedback functions formatively only if the information fed back to the learner is used by the learner in improving performance."   
Those who seek such formatively functioning feedback might appreciate the following advice:    
"Receiving feedback sits at the intersection of these two needs – our drive to learn and our longing for acceptance."   
Those who long for such acceptance might appreciate these words:   
"Whatever you accept completely will take you to peace, including the acceptance that you cannot accept, that you are in resistance."   
Those who feel such resistance might appreciate these words:   
"Change what cannot be accepted and accept what cannot be changed."   
Those who seek to understand what cannot be changed migth appreciate these words:   
"The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power."
Those who seek to change the future might appreciate these words:   
"If you want to change the future, you must change what you’re doing in the present."
Those who do not know what action of oneself to change might appreciate these words:   
"The past is behind, learn from it. The future is ahead, prepare for it. The present is here, live it."
Those who seek to learn might appreciate these words:   
"Learning how to learn is life’s most important skill."
Those who seek to learn such a skill might appreciate these words:   
"In learning you will teach, and in teaching you will learn."   
Those who seek to become such a teacher might appreciate these words:   
"A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning."   
Those who are still searching for such a teacher, might appreciate these words:   
"If you deeply observe, everything is your teacher."    
Those who seek to teach might appreciate the humility in these words:   
"I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think."   
Those who are still struggling with the desire to teach might appreciate these words:    
"You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts."   
Those who seek to be at peace with one's own thougths migth appreciate the chapters "peace", "protection" and "mission".
Those who seek to make others think might appreciate the following question:   
"What do you think why or how that might or could be?"   
Those who are overwhelmed with such a question, might appreciate the compassion in the following mantra:   
"We might be all on the way to Pro."



