One might find oneself suffering from loneliness as in:   
"Real loneliness is not necessarily limited to when you are alone."   
One might understand one reason why that might be in these words:   
"I hate who steals my solitude, without really offer me in exchange company."   
Those who seek such a company might appreciate the following advice:   
"If you find someone with wisdom, good judgement, and good actions; make him a companion."    
Those who seek to understand wisdom might appreciate these words:   
"Wisdom – meaning judgment acting on experience, common sense, available knowledge, and a decent appreciation of probability."    
Those who seek to understand good judgement might appreciate these words:   
"Good judgement comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgement."    
Those who might be confronted with such bad judgement might appreciate these words:   
"To be unafraid of the judgement of others is the greatest freedom you can have."   
Those who are tempted to judge others might appreciate the following insight:   
"When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself."   
Those who then seeks to refrain from judgement might appreciate these words:   
"Judgements prevent us from seeing the good that lies beyond appearences."   
Those who seek to see the good might appreciate the chapter on "good". Those who seek to see the good in others might appreciate these words:   
"Let’s trade in all our judging for appreciating. Let’s lay down our righteousness and just be together."   
Those who seek to be together might appreciate these words:   
"Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success."   
Those who struggle to see the good within oneself to come together with others, might appreciate the following advice:   
"Stay out of the court of self-judgment, for there is no presumption of innocence."   
Those who seek to understand innocence might appreciate these words:   
"The word 'innocence' means a mind that is incapable of being hurt."  
Those who seek to understand what might hurt one's mind might appreciate these words:   
"I think that’s the real loss of innocence: the first time you glimpse the boundaries that will limit your potential."   
Those who seek to recognise such boundaries might appreciate these words:   
"Innocence, Once Lost, Can Never Be Regained. Darkness, Once Gazed Upon, Can Never Be Lost."   
Those who yet seek to regain their innocence might appreciate the following warning:   
"Innocence is a kind of insanity."    
One might understand what kind of insanity it might be:   
"Ideology is a partial truth masquerading as the whole truth."   
Those who seek to know the whole truth might appreciate these words:   
"Once you start asking questions, innocence is gone."   
Those who seek to keep asking questions, might appreicate the chapter on "responsibility" and "harmony".
Those who seek to find such a companion might appreciate the following advice:   
"When friendship is settled, you must trust; before friendship is formed, you must pass judgement."    
Those who seek to pass such judgement might appreciate these words:    
"Everything we judge in others is something within ourselves we don't want to face."
Those who struggle to face that something within oneself might appreciate the following words of encouragement:   
"Truth without love is brutality, and love without truth is hypocrisy."
Those who desire to speak the truth might appreciate the advice to ask oneself the questions formed as following:   
"Before you speak ask yourself if what you are going to say is true, is kind, is necessary, is helpful. If the answer is no, maybe what you are about to say should be left unsaid."   
Those who seek to understand why leaving things unsaid might be a good idea might appreciate the chapter on "peace".  Those who might contemplate about how to maintain longterm peace, might appreciate the adivse to excersice self control, which is in essence impulse control and the knowledge and execution of "good manners". Both of which could be summed up as "politeness". Those who are tempted to misuse politeness to frown upon others might appreciate the insight that it might essential to recognize and admire with humility the effort of others, who strive to be polite,
which is the essence of honor as exemplified in these words:   
"Give recognition where it is due. Compliments stimulate more effort and desire to improve. Be generous with honest praising."   
Those who might find themselves in occations where such compliments might not sufficient, might appreciate the chapter on "feedback" in order to find the courage to offer help. Those who have been helped might appreciate the following advice:     
"It is rare to find good friendship, thus the only way left is to excercise diligently to love those, whom one can call a friend."   
Those who have yet to encounter such friend might appreciate the following words:   
"Hope for the best, prepare for the worst."
Those who have encounted someone, who one might regard as "the worst", might appreciate the advice to be prepared for reclusion from them, because one cannot help those, who do not want to be helped. Those who are tempted to give up the hope on them, might appreciate these words:   
"There are reasons to set boundaries for yourself, but there are also reasons to keep doors open."   
One might find one reason to keep such doors open as an expression of that hope.
Those who seek to understand hope might appreciate the chapter on "hope".
Those who seek to excersise such hope might appreciate the following mantra:
"We are all on the way to Pro."
