One might find oneself confronted with such tyrants as in:   
"'For the greater good.' That has been the excuse of tyrants throughout all time."    
Those who seek to understand the nature of such excuses, might appreciate these words:   
"An excuse is worse and more terrible than a lie; for an excuse is a lie guarded."   
Those who seek to understand what might be guarding such a lie, might appreciate the following insight:   
"Human reason can excuse any evil."    
Those who then seek to prevent such evil, might appreciate these words:   
"No one chooses evil because it is evil; he only mistakes it for happiness, the good he seeks."   
Those who seek such good, might appreciate these words:   
"Human nature is evil, and goodness is caused by intentional activity."   
Those who seek to understand such intentional activity, might appreciate these words:   
"Do not try to excuse your faults; try to correct them."
Those who seek to try to correct their faults, might appreciate these words:    
"Commit to stop making excuses. When we make excuses, we lie to ourselves and continue bad habits."    
Those who struggle to keeping such a commitment, might appreciate these words:   
"Either define the moment or the moment will define you."    
Those who has been defined by such a moment of struggle, might appreciate these words:    
"As long as you're still alive, you always have the chance to start again."
Those who seek such a chance to start again, might appreciate the following wisdom:
"Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change."
Those who seek such a change, might then appreciate these words:    
"The curious paradox is that when I accept myself just as I am, then I can change."   
Those who are curious to resolve such paradox, might appreciate the following explaination:    
"When I accept myself, I am freed from the burden of needing you to accept me."    
Those who struggle to accept themselves, might appreciate these words:    
"I am learning to accept everything about myself, even the part of me that struggles to accept everything about myself."    
Those who seek to accept everything about themselves, might appreciate these words:    
"I accept myself unconditionally right now."    
Those who might still struggle to accept themsevel unconditionally, might appreciate these words:   
"Resistance is experienced as fear; The degree of fear equates to the strength of resistance."   
Those who wonder, what the strongest kind of such fear might be, might appreciate these words:    
"The oldest and strongest emotion of humankind is fear, and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is fear of the unknown."    
One might appreciate the following wisdom to find a clue to overcome that fear:
"Thinking will not overcome fear, but action will."   
Those who seek to know such action, might appreciate these words:    
"Define yourself by what you love."    
Those who do not know, what they might love, might appreciate these words:    
"If you have the ability to love, love yourself first."    
Those who seek to understand their ability to love, might appreciate these words:   
"To love is to live on the precipice."   
Those who seek to understand such preciple, might appreciate these words:    
"Until death all defeat is psychological."   
Those who are still alive, might then appreciate the following realization:   
"Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live."
For those who feel like something has died inside oneself, might appreciate the following words of encouragement:    
"I think life’s an irrational obsession."     
Those who seek to understand such irrational obsession, might appreciate these words:   
"Is there a word more passionate than passion? Obsession, total immersion, the feeling that everything else doesn't matter."    
Those who seek such obsession, might appreciate these words:    
"Grit is the stubborn refusal to quit."    
Those who seek such grit, might appreciate these words:   
"Everything can be taken from oneself but one thing: the last of the human freedoms— to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way."    
Those who seek to understand such attitude, might appreciate these words:   
"Your attitude is an expression of your values, beliefs and expectations."    
Those who seek to undrestand such expression, might appreciate these words:    
"Art is the expression of the profoundest thoughts in the simplest way."    
Those who seek to understand why one might seek such art, might appreciate these words:    
"Art is to console those who are broken by life."    
Those who seek such art, might appreciate these words:   
"Healing doesn't mean the damage never existed. It means the damage no longer controls our lives."   
Those who seek such healing, might appreciate these words:   
"Forgiveness is accepting the apology you will never receive."    
One might then appreciate the understanding in that quote that forgiveness requires more than just acceptance:   
"Forgiveness is not a feeling; it is a commitment. It is a choice to show mercy, not to hold the offense up against the offender. Forgiveness is an expression of love."   
Those who seek to express such love, might appreciate these words:   
"Grit depends on a different kind of hope. It rests on the expectation that our own efforts can improve our future. 'I have a feeling tomorrow will be better' is different from 'I resolve to make tomorrow better.'"    
Those who seek to make their tomorrow better, might appreciate the idea to define every moment of their own life as "good". Those who have then defined their own life as good, might appreciate these words:    
"Healing yourself is connected with healing others."     
Those who seek to heal others, might appreciate these words:   
"A true artist is not one who is inspired, but one who inspires others."   
Those who seek to inspire others, might appreciate the following mantra:   
"We might be all on the way to Pro."   
