One might find oneself having the following realization:
"Life is a struggle."
One might be able to understand the origin of that suffering in the interpretation that any experiece might be experienced as violence.
Some might try to attribute agency to the source of such violence such as life through personification and thus resent life as being cruel.
Those who seek to understand the essence of cruelty might appreciate these words:
"Cruelty may be defined as violence without provocation and discipline that is excessive."
Those who seek to understand the origin of such experience of arbitrary violence might appreciate these words:
"Cruelty comes in many forms - ignorance is one of them."
Those who encounter intentional cruelty might appreciate the chapter on malevolence.
Some might then have such realization as following:
"True ignorance is not the absence of knowledge, but the refusal to acquire it."
Those who seek to understand why one might refuse to acquire knowledge might appreciate these words:
"Fear is the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty. To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.”
One might then redirect one's resentment towards those who did not conquer their fear and thus caused suffering to oneself.
Those who then seek to heal might appreciate theis realization:
"True forgiveness is a self-healing process which starts with you and gradually extends to everyone else."
Those who seek to start such a process of self-healing might appreciate these words:
"Awareness is the first step in healing."
Those who do not know what to become aware of might appreciate this realization:
"Violence in any form is a tragic expression of our unmet needs."
Those who seek to understand such needs might appreciate the chapter on needs.
One might then appreciate the following realization:
"Violence leads to one thing only, and that is more violence."
Those who seek to break out of such cycle might appreciate to understand the following:
"All cruelty springs from weakness." 
Those who seek to change might appreciate these words:
"Within our perceived weaknesses and imperfections lies the key to realizing our true strength."
Those who seek true strength might appreciate the following wisdom:
"Remind yourself what you've been through and what you've had the strength to endure."   
Those who seek to realize what they have been enduring, might appreciate the following insight:   
"Pain is a self protection mechanism of the body to recognize and avoid external stimulus which could destroy our body."
Its calibration is relative, meaning through consistent progressive overload it can be conditioned to endure such stimulus which the untrained body would have broken down under.
But one might appreciate to understand that it might require knowledge not to overstimulate the body to de degree of damage, as already mentioned as "discipline that is excessive".
One might also realize that the lack of such stimulation leads to the deterioration of one's ow body deteriorates and thus becomes weaker.
One might then be able to prioritize the maintenance of such stimulating with control with a method called "progressive overload".
To find strength to overcome oneself one might appreciate these words:
"Pain is weakness leaving your body."
Those who seek specific advice on such methods to maintain oneself might appreciate the chapter on health.
Some might not have the capacity to prepare might reach such conclusions:
"When all choice is taken from you, life becomes a game of survival."
Those who seek a way to survive might appreciate the following advice:
"I can survive well enough on my own— if given the proper reading material."
Those who seek to read such reading material might appreciate the following words:   
"The most important factor in survival is neither intelligence nor strength but adaptability."   
Those who seek to understand such adaptablity might appreciate these words:   
"Adaptability to change is itself a hallmark of successful education."   
Those who seek such education, might appreciate the chapter on "curiosity".
Those who cannot recognize themselves anymore through such a process of adaption in order to survive might appreciate these words:   
"Survival is your strength, not your shame."    
Those who struggle to recognize one's own strength might appreciate these words:   
"Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength."   
Those who seek such strength might appreciate these words:   
"My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive."    
Those who seek to thrive might appreciate these words:   
"The only way to thrive is to innovate."   
Those who seek to innovate might appreciate these words:   
"The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man."   
Those who seek such progress might appreciate these words:    
"Strength and growth come only through continuous effort and struggle."   
Those who struggle to continue putting effort, might appreciate these words:   
"When life puts you in tough situations, don't say 'why me', say 'try me'."
One might then be able to comprehed the utility of that advice in the choice of one's own attitude regardless of one's own circumstances.
Those who seek to understand that attitude more in deapth might appreciate the chapter on "hope".
Those whom these words were not sufficient might reach such conclusion:
"You can only get hurt so much before you get numb."
Those who seek to recover from such numbness might appreciate these words:
"To recover is to create a life in which numbness is no longer necessary to survive."
Those who seek such a life might appreciate the chapter on "asylum".
One might be able to create such a life with the following mantra:
"We are all on the way to Pro."
