Disclaimer: This document does not endorse violent rebellion of any kind. The intention is to offer an inspiration to find peace within oneself.

One might suffer by blaming oneself with such words:   
"Everyone is guilty of all the good he did not do."   
Those who seek to understand such guilt, might appreciate these words:   
"Guilt is anger directed at ourselves - at what we did or did not do. Resentment is anger directed at others - at what they did or did not do."   
Those who are struggling with such resentment, might appreciate these words:    
"When you are offended at any one's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger."   
Those who seek to understand such anger, might appreciate the chapter on "maturity." Those who struggle with such guilt, might appreciate these words:   
"A guilty conscience never feels secure."   
Those who feel insecure might appreciate these words:   
"A clear conscience is the sure sign of a bad memory."   
Those with bad memory appreciate these words:   
"Forgive but do not forget, or you will be hurt again. Forgiving changes the perspectives. Forgetting loses the lesson."   
Those with good memory who do not know how to forgive, might appreciate the chapter "integrity". Those who have forgiven oneself might then be confronted with the following situation:   
"In a world too often governed by corruption and arrogance, it can be difficult to stay true to one's philosophical and literary principles."   
Those who are tempted to resign through blaming others might appreciate the chapters "D5" and "responsiblity".  Those who then seek to persevere to one's own principles might appreciate these words:   
"Opinion rules the world, but in the long run it is the philosophers who shape opinion."   
Those whose who seek to understand philosophy might appreciate these words:   
"Philosophy begins with wonder."   
Those who wonder where it might lead to might appreciate these words:   
"Every science begins as philosophy and ends as art."   
Those who seek to to understand why that is might appreciate the following explaination of "art":   
"Art is the expression of imagination, not the reproduction of reality."   
Those who seek to understand imagination might appreciate the following statement:   
"I believe in intuition and inspiration. Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited, whereas imagination embraces the entire world, stimulating progress, giving birth to evolution."   
Those who seek such progress might appreciate the english phrase "state of the art" referring to the state of the newest development originating in the latin expression "lege artis" to do everying in life in general according to the standardized set of rules. Those who seek such rules appreciate these words:   
"Act that your principle of action might safely be made a law for the whole world."   
Those who might not have the privilege to express oneself freely, might appreciate the following words of encouragement:   
"The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion."   
Those who seek such existence in freedom might appreciate the following realization:   
"To put everything in balance is good, to put everything in harmony is better."   
Those who seek harmony might appreciate the following warning:   
"To be good is to be in harmony with oneself. Discord is to be forced to be in harmony with others."   
One might appreciate the reason why that warning might be necessary:   
"If you can create harmony in your own life. This harmony will enter into the vast world."   
Those who keep seeking harmony might appreciate the following advice:   
"Sometimes the path to harmony is through chaos."   
Those who seek to understand harmony, might find a clue in the following realization:   
"Three Rules of Work: Out of clutter find simplicity. From discord find harmony. In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity."   
Those who did not have such opportunity might appreciate the following explaination:   
"Beauty lies in harmony, not in contrast; and harmony is refinement; therefore, there must be a fineness of the senses if we are to appreciate harmony."   
Those who seek to understand "fineness of the senses" might appreciate the following realization:   
"The highest form of love is consideration."   
Those who were not fortunate to experience such consideration might appreciate the following words:   
"Thoughts of harmony allow experiences of harmony."   
Those who seek such thoughts of harmony might appreciate the following realization:   
"Both the art of intuition and the science of analytics have the role to play in making wise decisions."   
Those who aspire to make such decisions might appreciate the following definition of intuition:   
"There comes a leap in consciousness, call it intuition or what you will, the solution comes to you and you don't know how or why. The other thing is a passion for getting to the core of the problem."   
Those who seek such passion might appreciate these words:   
"The key to creating passion in your life is to find your unique talents, and your special role and purpose in the world."   
Those who seek to find such passion might appreciate these words:   
"You must train your intuition – you must trust the small voice inside you which tells you exactly what to say, what to decide."   
Those who seek to train one's own intuition might appreciate the following adivce:   
"Learning to trust our intuition is an art form, and like all other art forms, it takes practice to perfect."   
Those who seek to practice such art might appreciate the following words:   
"Intuition is important, knowing what kind of questions to ask."   
Those who do not know what kind of questions to ask might appreciate the the chapter on "hope". Those who seek an answer to their question, might find it in the following mantra:   
"We might be all on the way to Pro."
