Disclaimer: The claims made in this document is for educational purposes only and should not be taken as medical advices.
The author of this document appreciates the understanding that due to lack of resources the author is not referencing specific studies.

One might encounter such words:
"A healthy person has a hundred wishes, but a sick person has only one."
Those who seek health might appreciate the following definition:
"Health is a state of complete physical, mental and social well-being, not merely the absence of disease or infirmity."
Those who seek health beyond the limitations of health care professionals might appreciate the following enumerations of practises the author finds useful to know:
"To attain physical compleateness one might appreciate the to know, that the body can be understood as whatever processes an input and creates an output. The range and optimum might vary between individuals and therefore it might important to figure out one's own optimum. To figure out the optimum, it might be necessary to figure out the kind of variables and a methodology to measure them.
Starting with list of physiological inputs:
1. Nutrition
Nutrition is a highly controversal topic, because a part of the concept of "health" is based off of the absence of diseases.
So depending on whatever diseases one might have, whatever might be heathy might vary.
Given the the author is based off of homo sapiens sapiens, here is a list of recipes which one might be able to apply to one's own life:
1.1 Reciple for the  "ultimate buddha bowl":
This dish was designed to minimize the necessity for diversity of plants to grow, but yet to be nutrionally complete and to avoid commonly prevelant causes of death at the point of writing:
To privent cardio vascular diseases, one might appreciate the advice not use oil or fats during the cooking process.
Even though roasting or commonly referred as "maillard reaction" has been scientifically proven to be harmful for the human body.
The usage of teflon coated non stick pans is also not advisable.
Heating food in plastic containers is known to be harmful as well.
It might be necessary for some ingredients to apply heat to increase the absorption rate of nutrients, breakdown harmful compounds or to eliminate harmful microbes.
Therefore the author advices to use foodsafe silicone container commonly known as "Stasher". (Disclaimer: The author is neither sponsored nor associated with that company in any way. The advice is purely subjective opinion of the author.)
One utility of that container is that it can serve as a dish to eat out from and can be portable given its tight sealing.
User might be advised not to carelessly transport fluids.
The original use case of that silicone container was to offer a product which can be repeatedly used during a cooking method called "sous vide".
But for this recipe, it will be used to cook rice, lentis and optionally quinoa with carrots and shiitake mushrooms with water
inside a electrically pressure cooker.
There has been studies stating the utility of shiitake mushrooms to fight cancer.
There are also some utility in button mushrooms and for the lion's mane mushrooms there has been observation to be neuroregenerative.
Root vegetables such as carrots might benefit with vitamis to avoid night blindness and the carotinoids might offer a skin tone in the facial area to appear healthy to other humans.
The usage of rice is based in the human nature of being a starchivore, and the substitution of lentils and quinoa is to reduce the consumed amount of calories and increase the protein content of this meal.
The shelf life of rice, lentils and quinoa are quite stable reducing the cost for management.
One might appreciate the advice to invest in a smart electric pressure cooker, so one might be able to seperate cooking from eating, to be 'faster than fastfood'.
To prevent diabetes one might appreciate the advice not use sugar. One reason is it causes a crash in blood sugar levels and might leading to overeating. Another reason is insulin resistance if consumed exessively for a prolonged period. Another reason is acts as a toxin for mitochondria cells and decreases the metabolic rate which might be one of the reasons for metabolic syndrome. Eventhough the human body has the ability to absorb quite an amount of blood sugar, the excess might deposit on joints causing further damage.
Another way to prevent diabetes is to calculate ones own value of non-exercise activity thermogenesis (NEAT), to determine the amount of maintencance daily calory intake.
In that same type of silicone container it is possible to marinate tofu and other prepared vegetables such as egg plants and marinate it. Tofu derived from soy beans has all the essential amino acids in a optimal distribution for humans. Ingestion of animal proteins are not adives baucause it is carcinogenic. Generally it is recommendable to minimize salt intake to avoid high blood pressue and other diseases. But one might still appreciate the idea to use with one part soy sauce and one part vinear to make it tasty. Vinegar has shown some correlation to stabilize blood sugar levels during ingestion of carbohydrates. One might appreciate the idea to optionally add chilli, since there has been found a correlation that chillis might reduce appetite if overeating is one issue.
The marinade can be used as sauce on the rice mixture as well.
To avoid cancer one might appreciate the advice to add cruciferous vegetables such as broccoli sprouts as garnish.
One might apreciate the advice to add mustard to the mix, because it has the ablity to regenerate sulforaphane when it was broken down though heat or oxidation.
To reduce the risk of depression it might appreciate the advice to abstain from alcohol consumption, because it can have depressive effect and it is an neurotoxins.
Another advice would be to add fermented food such as kimchi.
To make kimchi apply salt to nappa cabbage, and let it dehydrate for few hous and drain the excess water and salt. It might be tasty to add daikon raddish and carrots.
Then heat rice flour with a kelp and mushroom extract to make a slurry. To increase taste garlic paste and nashi or apple paste might be beneficial. If that mixture has thickend, let it cool off to room temperature and add it to the cabbage and mix well.
Optinally spring onions, chilli flakes commonly referred as 'gochugaru' and grated ginger might be beneficial.
Ginger has the property to decease pain and boost immune functions.
Put the kimchi into a container and submerge it into the excess moisture coming out of the cabbage to enable anaerobic fermentation process of the lactobacteria present on the cabbage for few days and keep in the fridge.
If there is a white layer, it might be the lactobacteria, but if it is colourful or hairy it might be mold.
If it is mold it is advised not to consume them because of the mycotoxins.
Another way to decrease the risk for depression is is through the addition of 20g of ground walnuts for DHA, which are precursor for omega3-fatty acids which is crutial for the maintainance of cognitive ability.
Those who do not have the time to eat such meals, might find utility in ingesting soy protein isolates, with creatine and phsyllium husk. Creatine seems to aid activity of mitochondria which is not only beneficial for athletic perfomances but can also slow down the rate of decrease of cognitive abilities. Psyllium husk is filling and its water soluable fiber content is beneficial for the microbiota aiding digestion.
Some might have allergic reactions or intolerances to some compounds in the ingredients. An proceeding check for tolerance might be advisable.

1.2 Exposure to toxins
To avoid organ failure one might appreciate the advice not to neglect research of ingreadients containing toxins and heavy metals.
Naturally grown mushrooms are proned to absorb heavy metals, which might even be radioactive.
Naturally grown rice might contain arsenic since it tends to absorb and accumulate it.
The usage of pesticides, insecticides, fungicides and herbicides might have negative influence for infant humans or during pregnancy.
Depending on the methods of storage, there might be mold or other sources of diseases which can also be toxic.
Genetic engineering of crops might not be inherently harmful but most common reason is to increase resistance to pesticides etc.
There might be trends of "detoxification diets", but usually detoxificaiton happens in the liver and kidneys.
For some plants might be beneficial to discart the water it was cooked in to avoid ingestion of watersoluable toxins.
Here is a recipe for the "ultimate salad":

1.3 Exposture to environmental factors
Regular exposure to sunlight is recommended for recalibrating the circadadian rhythm, secretion of serotonin and vitamin synthesis.
To maintain one's circadian rhythm it is recommended to eat at regular hours. There are several reasons for that. One reason is to prevent impulsive overeating because one mechanism of hunger that grelin the hormone making one hungy is secreted at a certain time. Another reason is to increase sleep quality. it is generally recommended not to eat three hours before bedtime. Another reason is the limitation of absorbtion rate, especially protein. The average human body can process about 30g per protein every 3-4 hours. So an eavenly spaced ingestion of protein might be beneficial to maintain athletic abilities.
Here is a recipe for the "ultimate ice cream":

2. Mental wellbeing
Those who seek mental wellbeing might appreciate the chapters on hope, meaning, connection and love.

3. Social wellbeing
Those who seek social wellbeing might appreciate the chapter on love, friendship, civilization, harmony, maturity and malevolence.

Output:
4. Physical wellbeing
Humans have two types of nervous systems. The autonomic nervous system and somatic nervous system. One central part of the autonomic nervious system is the circadian rhythm and once that rhythm is malfunctioning, it might because of of the many causes for depression. Aside from already mentioned exposure to regular sunlight, sleep and food intake, regular stimulation and movement patterns to stimulate the autonomic nervous system might be beneficial. It can be achieved through the usage of the somatic nervious system, the part which a human can consciously control. Activities such as conscious breathing, walking and chewing has been proven to be beneficial. Apart from those activities, one might seek to prepare for an emergency in one's own life. Those might to strengthen one's own body through regular excersise. There are three kinds to such excersises. First one is commonly referred as "sport", which is the aquisition of specific athletic ability to achieve a specific purpose such as having fun, such as "soccer". It might increase the risk for injury due to factors outside of one's locus of control and thus generally not advisable, but it might be beneficial to find kins. Second are balancing excersises such as climing, balancing on a rope. It might still pose some risk for injury but the risk can be minimized if done with caution and precaution. The third type is workout. There are many ways and tradition for workout. To maximize muscle mass or so called "hypertrophy" a method called progressive overload might be benefitial. But it has quite high risk for injury due to subjective overestimation of one's own capability of the body commonly referred as "ego lifiting", which is generally not recommendable. The second type is endurance training. It has also some elevated risk for injury but it can increase mood through the secretion of endorphines commonly referred as "runner's high". The third type is funcitonal training. It focuses on whole body movements to maintain athletic abilities useful for everyday with the minimal risk for injuries. There are many ways to excersize functional training. Here are few types the author has tried out:
4.1 Calisthenics
One 
4.2 Rings
4.3 Kettlebell
4.4 HIIT 
5. Digestion
