Disclaimer: This document does not intended to endorse any political movement in particular. It is just a general philosophical essay.

Those who seek joy might encounter such words:
"The key of joy is disobedience."
One reason for it might be found in these words:
"Disobedience is the stamp of the hero."
One might find one reason why disobedience so valuable might find a clue to understand it in these words:
"Self-esteem comes from being able to define the world in your own terms and refusing to abide by the judgments of others."
Those who seek to understand the origin of the concept of hero might appreciate the following realization which the author assumes was made by an individual which might be referred as an "adult":
"You see, children aspire to be the hero they see in us everyday – the one who responds to their needs – the responsible, reliable, 'go to.'"
Those who did not have the privilege to encounter such an individual worthy to asprire to might appreciate the following realization:
"You are the hero of your own story."
One those who seek an opportunity to become a hero might find it in the following statement:
"Whenever there is authority, there is a natural inclination to disobedience."
Those who seek to understand why that is might appreciate the following clarification:
"Blind belief in authority is the greatest enemy of truth."
One might recognize a possible explaination for that in these words:
"Truth ... is the first casualty of tyranny."
Those who seek to recognize tyranny might appreciate the following definition:
"The very definition of tyranny is when all power are gathered under one place."
One might then appreciate the following clarification:
"Authority and power are two different things: power is the force by means of which you can oblige others to obey you. Authority is the right to direct and command, to be listened to or obeyed by others. Authority requests power. Power without authority is tyranny."
One might appreciate the reason why one might want to avoid tyrany:
"Anarchy is the sure consequence of tyranny; for no power that is not limited by laws can ever be protected by them."
Some may feel resistance towards the idea of anarchy. They might appreciate the following definition:
"Anarchism is not some automatic guarantee that no one will ever be violated. It is the rejection of automatic, guaranteed violation of all people."
Those so seek such such automatic guarantee might appreciate the following realization:
"It is impossible to design a system so perfect that no one needs to be good."
Those who are not naive to blindly belief in authority might appreciate the following definition of "authority":
"Authority is not power; that's coercion. Authority is not knowledge; that's persuasion, or seduction. Authority is simply that the author has the right to make a statement and to be heard."
The right to be heard might be utterly useless if there is anyone who is ready to listen.
Those who seek to be heard might appreciate the the following wisdom:
"The first duty of love is to listen."
One might then be able to appreciate und understand the following realization:
"Civil disobedience is an act of love."
Those who seek to act in love might appreciate the following statement:
"Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. The obedient must be slaves."
One might then appreciate the definition of "slavery":
"Freedom means you are unobstructed in living your life as you choose. Anything less is a form of slavery."
Those who are confused about the difference of the terms "liberty" and "freedom" might appreciate the clarity of this definition:
"Liberty depends on self-restraint. Freedom is freedom only when controlled and limited."
Those who do not want to self-restraint might appreciate the following warning:
"The price of freedom may be high, but never so costly as the loss of freedom."
Those who wish to prevent the loss of freedom might appreciate the following realization:
"Our liberty depends on the freedom of the press, and that cannot be limited without being lost."
Those who seek to protect that freedom might appreciate the following realization:
"Education is a better safeguard of liberty than a standing army."
The reason for it might be found in the following statement:
"Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school."
Those who seek to understand what might remain of such an education, might appreciate these words:
"It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it."
Those who might resent schools might appreciate the following piece of wisdom:
"Wisdom is not a product of schooling but the lifelong attempt to acquire it."
Those who seek wisdom might appreciate the following realization:
"Education best serves students by helping them be more self-reflective."
Some might appreciate the lesson such self-reflection might have to offer as following:
"Self-reflection is a humbling process. It's essential to find out why you think, say, and do certain things... then better yourself."
Those who might loose their confidence in themselves might appreciate the following realization:
"True humility is not the absence of confidence but strength restrained."
Those who struggle to self-restain might find an useful argument for oneself in the critical moment in:
"Self-control is the quality that distinguishes the fittest to survive."
Those who desire to survive might appreciate the following realization what might become necessary:
"Self-restraint is the very keystone of the ethics of vow-taking."
One might appreciate the the following definition of ethics:
"Ethics is knowing the difference between what you have a right to do and what is right to do."
Those who do not know, what to do might appreciate the more specific definition of ethics:
"Ethics is a code of values which guide our choices and actions and determine the purpose and course of our lives."
One might appreciate the guidante to repeatedly recite the following mantra to adhere to the vows one has already taken or yet to take:
"We are all on the way to Pro."
