One might admire the following quote:
"No Fear, No Hesitation, No Surprise, No Doubt."
One might understand the reason for its admiration in the following quote:
"Successful leaders have the courage to take action
while others hesitate."
One might then wonder what courage is,
to which the following words might be insightful:
"Fear is a reaction; Courage is a decision."
One might then wonder how to be more decisive,
to which the following might give a clue:
"When you give people too many choices
it makes them hesitate and not buy stuff."
To reduce ones choices to be more decisive,
the following idea might be helpful:
"Decide what your priorities are an
how much time you’ll spend on them.
If you don’t, someone else will."
One might appreciate the following way to prioritze:
Priority A: Important and urgent-> Do it now
Priority B: Important but not urgent -> Schedule it
Priority C: Not important but urgent -> Delegate it
Priority D: Not important and not urgent -> Decide not to do it.
Regarding Priority D, one might appreciate the following words:
"The most important decisions you make are not the things you do,
but the things you decide not to do."
To find the second most important priority might be found
in the following statement:
"What you focus on expands.
Focus on what you are best at and you will be unstoppable."
One might then appreciate this advice:
"Challenges are opportunities for me to grow.
The more I learn,
the more equipped I am to handle whatever situations come up."
Those who do not know what to learn,
might appreciate these words:
"Personal growth is not a matter of learning new information
but of unlearning old limits."
One might appreciate these words to recognize
what has been the limit:
"If it is important to you, you will find a way.
If not, you’ll find an excuse."
While searching for the way, one might be devasted by the following realization:
"Continual improvement is an unending journey."
One might find courage in the following realization:
"The struggle itself towards the heights is enough to fill a man’s heart.
One must imagine Sisyphus happy."
One might be able to access one's potential engery to start in these words:
"The magic you are looking for is in the work your avoiding."
Those who have started but struggle to keep on working
might appreciate the following proverb:
"Shared joy is double joy,
and shared sorrow is half sorrow."
To share the joy of action and to lighten the sorrow of solitude,
one might appreciate the following mantra:
"We are all on the way to Pro."
