One might find oneself on a path described in a lyrics of a song, which is as following:   
"Country roads, take me home, to the place I belong."
Those who seek a place one might belong might appreciate these words:    
"Our sense of belonging can never be greater than our level of self acceptance."   
Those who struggle to accept oneself might appreciate these words:   
"Acceptance of the unacceptable is the greatest source of grace in this world."   
Those who struggle to have grace with oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"For grace is given not because we have done good works, but in order that we may be able to do them."   
Those who seek to do good might appreciate the chapter on "good". Those whom it makes wonder what a home might be might appreciate the following definition:   
"Home is not where you were born; home is where all your attempts to escape cease."   
Those who keep attempting to escape might appreciate these words:   
"Home isn’t a place. Home is anywhere, just as long as the people you love are there."    
Those who seek such people might appreciate the chapters "friendship" and "transcendence". Those who feels stuck somewhere, where one do not have the privilege of having people one loves, might appreciate the following realization:   
"One must learn to love oneself with a wholesome and healthy love, so that one can bear to be with oneself and need not roam."   
Those who seek to understand the necessity for the capability to bear to be with oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"I restore myself, when I am alone."
Those who struggle to restore themselves, might appreciate these words:    
"All of humanity's problems stem from a man's inability to sit quietly in a room alone."    
Those who are tired of sitting in a room alone, might appreciate these words:
"When we are tired, we are attacked by ideas we conquered long ago."   
One might appreciate this document as one way to prepare for the future attacks trying to study the mentioned "old ideas". One way to understand "old ideas" could be referred as "ideology", which definitions may vary due to its complex nature. One might then appreciate a document titled "Blood and Soil", in which the following four traits of genocidal ideologies are mentioned:   
1. "Cults of antiquity":    
The nostalgia for an idealized past awakens the deadly desire to be the "the chosen ones", which can be understood as one of the three poisons mentioned in Buddhism as "attachment". One might then find utility in the following quote:   
"You must learn from your past mistakes, but not lean on your past successes."    
2. "Fetishization of land and agriculture":    
Those "chosen ones" claim a specific piece of fertile land by force, which is only possible through the second poison mentioned in Buddism, which is "ignorance". One might appreciate the potential dangers pointed out in the following quote:    
"The first person who, having enclosed a plot of land, took it into his head to say this is mine and found people simple enough to believe him was the
true founder of civil society. What crimes, wars, murders, what miseries and horrors would the human race have been spared, had some one pulled up the stakes or filled in the ditch and cried out to his fellow men: 'Do not listen to this imposter. You are lost if you forget that the fruits of the earth belong to all and the earth to no one!'"   
3. "Ethnic hatred":   
The "chosen ones" use an common "enemy" to unite among themselves, which might remind third poison mentioned in Buddhism is "aversion", the reason for which has been recognized well as in:   
"Haters don't really hate you, they hate themselves because you're a reflection of what they wish to be."   
One might appreciate the clarity in the following description for an ideology:   
"The minimum necessary structuring ingredient of every ideology is to distance itself from another ideology, to denounce its other as ideology."   
4. "Expansion":   
The "chosen ones" desire more land than necessary for mere survial. The three poisons of buddishm are often represented as three animals biting in each others tails building a cycle, amplifying each other with each cycle, which in this case leads to expansion of the suffering. A way out has been pointed out as in:   
"If you are ruled by mind you are a king; if by body, a slave."    
Those who seek to be ruled by their mind, might appreciate another insightful possibility for definition of an ideology as following:   
"Ideology is the enemy of joyful community life, and the most destructive ideology is the belief that creating utopia is possible."   
Those who seek to understand what such a "utopia" might be, might appreciate these words:   
"Utopias rest on the fallacy that perfection is a legitimate goal of human existence."   
For those who is kept alive through the obsession of pursuing an utopia, they might appreciate the following realization:   
"Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence."   
One might then appreciate this wisdom:   
"When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps."    
One might appreciate the following suggestion for such an adjustment:   
"Life is a journey with problems to solve and lessons to learn but most of all: experiences to enjoy."   
It might be impossible to ultimately determine whether one is free from any ideology, but as long as one does not neglect to think for oneself, there might be hope as emphasized as in:   
"I think ideology is toxic, all ideology. It’s not that there are good ones and bad ones. All ideology is toxic, because ideology is a kind of insult to the gift of human free thinking."   
One might aprreciate the following advice on how to recognize an ideology:   
"Ideology is a partial truth masquerading as the whole truth."   
Those who claim to have attained the whole truth, might appreciate these words:    
"For someone who seems to know it all, how come you don't know that you're stupid?"    
Those who seek to understand such stupidity, might appreciate these words:
"Stupidity is the deliberate cultivation of ignorance."
Those who seek to prevent such deliberate cultivation of ignorance, might appreciate these words:
"To forget one's purpose is the commonest form of stupidity."
Those who then seek to understand how one might forget one's purpose, might appreciate these words:
"Stupidity is a talent for misconception."
Those who seek to understand such misconception might appreciate these words:
"A mark of stupidity is a belief that one party is totally virtuous and correct on the issues while the other is evil and always wrong."
Those

"We never really know what stupidity is until we have experimented on ourselves."

 have then realized their own stupidity, might appreciate the following mantra:   
"We are all on the way to Pro."
