One might find oneself in the midst of survival with the excruciating pain of existence.   
Those who might then become aware of their own primordial instinct of survival, might wonder what distinguishes one sentient being from another. Regardless of the specific distinction of sentience, those who seek to survive might appreciate the advice to ask themselves their own definition of "hope". One might not be satisfied with an answer as following: "To wish for a particular event that one considers possible." Those who are not satisfied with such an answer might appreciate to understand that this specific ability to wish is for a particular event might be the distinguishing reason why homo sapiens sapiens outlived other species on earth. One might then wonder suffering from nihilism which may be described as: "Without hope, there is no despair. There is only meaningless suffering." One may appreciate the compassionate respect of the author that the reader has managed to survive it so far the depressive state of nihilism which might have been insanely difficult. But those who neglect the effort to get out of that state, might only find a brief moment of bliss in numbing oneself in pleasure, which might be referred as hedonism. It is understandable that one may not have the privilege to maintain naive believing in "false hope", as stated in the following quote: "False hope is a terrible thing, if its the only thing keeping you alive you'll be dead by dawn." Regardless the many implications of the definition of "false hope", one might find some hope while searching for meaning by studying the three principles of "logotherapy" which can be summarized as follows:  
1. Life has meaning under all circumstances, even the most miserable ones.  
2. Our main motivation for living is our will to find meaning in life.  
3. We have freedom to find meaning in what we do, and what we experience, or at least in the stance we take when faced with a situation of unchangeable suffering.  
Those who are in acute need for meaning in their life, might appreciate the following definition of "hope": "Hope is to entrust someone everything necessary for that someone’s own survival, so that so, that someone would have done the same for them if the position was swapped out." Those who seek what to entrust to others might appreciate these words: "Art has the power to transform, to illuminate, to educate, inspire and motivate." Those who seek to understand art might appreciate the chapters "ultimate" and "humanity". Those who seek to be an artist might appreciate these words: "The artist is not a special kind of person; rather each person is a special kind of artist." Those who seek find out what kind of artist one might be, might appreciate these words: "A true artist is not one who is inspired, but one who inspires others." Those who seek to understand why might appreciate this explaination: "As soon as you seek to inspire others, it inspires the best in you." Those who seek to inspire might appreciate the following mantra:   
"We are all on the way to Pro."  
P.S. One might find only this in stainless steel engraved page of a document called "42 - Context for an open source feedback framework to establish the consensus that peace might be good." Those might appreciate the hope of the author to those who are reading right now. The author appreciates all the effort trying to define hope especially those which try to remain benevolent. (By an anonymous artist on 2024.11.16.)
