One might appreciate the following realization:
"There is no greater danger than underestimating your opponent."
One might then appreciate the recognition
of the invisible opponent in these words:
"When we are tired, we are attacked by ideas we conquered long ago."
One might appreciate this document as one way to prepare for
the future attacks trying to study the mentioned "old ideas".
One way to understand "old ideas" could be referred as "ideology",
which definitions may vary due to its complex nature.

One might appreciate the book titled "Blood and Soil",
in which the following four traits of genocidal ideologies are mentioned:
1. "Cults of antiquity":
The nostalgia for an idealized past awakens the deadly desire to be the
"the chosen ones", which can be understood as one of the three poisons
mentioned in Buddhism as "attachment".
One might then find utility in the following quote:
"You must learn from your past mistakes,
but not lean on your past successes."
2. "Fetishization of land and agriculture": 
Those "chosen ones" claim a specific piece of fertile land by force,
which is only possible through the second poison mentioned in Buddism,
which is "ignorance".
One might appreciate the potential dangers pointed out in the following quote:
"The first person who, having enclosed a plot of land,
took it into his head to say this is mine and
found people simple enough to believe him was the
true founder of civil society.
What crimes, wars, murders, what miseries and
horrors would the human race have been spared,
had some one pulled up the stakes or filled in the
ditch and cried out to his fellow men:
'Do not listen to this imposter.
You are lost if you forget that the fruits of the earth
belong to all and the earth to no one!'"
3. "Ethnic hatred":
The "chosen ones" use an common "enemy" to unite among themselves,
which might remind third poison mentioned in Buddhism is "aversion",
the reason for which has been recognized well as in:
"Haters don't really hate you,
they hate themselves because you're a reflection of what they wish to be."
One might appreciate the clarity
in the following description for an ideology: 
"The minimum necessary structuring ingredient of every ideology is to
distance itself from another ideology,
to denounce its other as ideology."
4. "Expansion":
The "chosen ones" desire more land than necessary for mere survial.
The three poisons of buddishm are often represented as
three animals biting in each others tails building a cycle,
amplifying each other with each cycle,
which in this case leads to expansion of the suffering.
An way out has been pointed out as in:
"If you are ruled by mind you are a king;
if by body, a slave."

One might appreciate another insightful possibility for
definition of an ideology as following:
"Ideology is the enemy of joyful community life,
and the most destructive ideology is the belief that
creating utopia is possible."
Regarding utopia, one might appreciate these words:
"Utopias rest on the fallacy that
perfection is a legitimate goal of human existence."
For those who is kept alive through the obsession of pursuing an utopia,
they might appreciate the following realization:
"Perfection is not attainable,
but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence."
One might appreciate this wisdom:
"When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached,
don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps."
One might appreciate the following suggestion for such an adjustment:
"Life is a journey with problems to solve and lessons to learn
but most of all: experiences to enjoy."
It might be impossible to ultimately
determine whether one is free from any ideology,
but as long as one does not neglect to think for oneself,
there might be hope as emphasized as in:
"I think ideology is toxic, all ideology.
It’s not that there are good ones and bad ones.
All ideology is toxic,
because ideology is a kind of insult to the gift of human free thinking."
One might aprreciate the following advice on how to recognize an ideology:
"Ideology is a partial truth masquerading as the whole truth."
Those who are seeking for the whole truth might appreciate
the following mantra to keep reminding oneself
to enjoy the journey of seeking what could be regarded as "truth":
"We are all on the way to Pro."
