One might find oneself confronted with disagreements as in:   
"Only idiots refuse to change their minds."   
One might understand why they might refuse to change their minds through these words:
"There is no change without sacrifice." 
Those who realize that they might be struggling to sacrifice, might appreciate these words:  
"If you don't sacrifice for what you want, what you want becomes the sacrifice."
Those who seek to live, their lives are at risk to become a sacrifice, might appreciate these words:
"The greatest of follies is to sacrifice health for any other kind of happiness."
Those who seek not to sacrifice their health, might appreciate the chapter on "health".
Those who seek to know, whether one might be such a folly, might appreciate these words:
"A fool thinks oneself to be wise, but a wise one knows oneself to be a fool."
Those who have then realised to be a food, might appreciate these words:
"Do not correct a fool, or he will hate you; correct a wise man and he will appreciate you."
Those who seek to appreciate such correction but struggle to do so, might understand what one might need through these words:
"You can’t accept correction when you are not humble to listen."
Those who lack such humility to listen, might appreciate these words:
"Just knowing you don't have the answers is a recipe for humility, openness, acceptance, forgiveness, and an eagerness to learn - and those are all good things."
Those who don't know that such answers might be unattainable, might appreciate these words:
"Nobody has all the answers, because all the best answers generate more questions."
Those who hesitate to ask such question, might appreciate these words:
"The man who asks a question is a fool for a minute, the man who does not ask is a fool for life"
Those who do not want to remain such a fool, might appreciate these words:
"Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'"
Those who do not have the capacity to answer it for themselves, might appreciate these words:
"Life asks of every individual a contribution, and it is up to that individual to discover what it should be."
Those who have not discovered what their contribution might be, might appreciate these words:
"Helping one person might not change the world, but it could change the world for one person."
Those who struggle to accept such change, might appreciate these words:
"Change can be frightening, and the temptation is often to resist it. But change almost always provides opportunities - to learn new things, to rethink tired processes, and to improve the way we work."
Those who then seek to improve the way they work, might appreciate these words:
"If you wish to improve, be content to appear cluess or stupid."    
Those who seek to understand why one might appear cluess or stupid, might appreciate these words:
"Improvement usually means doing something that we have never done before."
Those who then have found the courage to do something one has never done before, such as to change their minds, might appreciate these words:     
"Wisdom is the reward for surviving our own stupidity."    
Those who have survived their own stupidity, might appreciate these words:    
"Any fool can know. The point is to understand."    
Those who seek to understand, might appreciate these words:    
"One cannot know everything."    
Those who seek to understand why one might not be able to know everything, might appreciate these words:    
"We do not know. We can only guess."    
Those who struggle to make such a guess, might appreciate these words:   
""We can perhaps never know the truth with 100 percent certainty, but making correct predictions is the way to tell if we’re getting closer."    
Those who are still attached to the idea to be able to attain such truth with 100 percent certainty through their predictive statements, might appreciate these words:   
"It’s hubris to think that the way we see things is everything there is."    
Those who are confrontet with such hubris, might appreciate these words:   
"Hubris is the antithesis of wisdom; therefore, we ought to be especially concered to understand hubris as well as we can."    
One might understand one reason why one might seek to understand one's own hubris through these words:   
"Hubris itself will not let you be an artist."    
Those who keep seeking to understand, might appreciate the advice to keep asking "why" until one cannot answer anymore. Those who could not answer anymore, might appreciate to know that such "final reason" might be able to define as "believe" as in:   
"One believes things because one has been conditioned to believe them."   
Those who have recognized one's own conditioning, might appreciate these words:   
"Man’s conditioning has been so powerful that it has all but destroyed his ability to be self aware."    
Those who seek to regain the ability to be self aware, might appreciate the following explaination:   
"Being self-aware is not the absence of mistakes, but the ability to learn and correct them."    
Those who seek to correct their own mistakes, might appreciate these words:   
"The first step toward change is awareness. The second step is acceptance."    
Those who do not know what to accept, might appreciate these words:    
"Not-knowing is true knowledge. Presuming to know is a disease. First realize that you are sick; then you can move toward health."     
Those who seek to move toward health, might appreciate these words:  
"The reasonable man adapts himself to the world: the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man."
Those who seek to know whether one might be unreasonable, might appreciate these words: 
"You will never understand the real definition of insanity until the day you are told it is unreasonable for you to feel hurt by the very people that hurt you."
Those who realize that they have been hurting others, might appreciate these words:
"In such a world of conflict, a world of victims and executioners, it is the job of thinking people, not to be on the side of the executioners."
Those who have been hurt, might appreciate these words:
"If there is meaning in life at all, then there must be meaning in suffering."
Those who have not found their meaning in their suffering, might appreciate these words:
"The meaning of my life is to help others find meaning in theirs."
Those who struggle to find such meaning in their lives, might appreciate the following realization:
"Life has meaning only if you do what is meaningful to you."    
Those who do know what might be meaning to them, might appreciate these words:   
"Until you believe you have options, you’ll continue to feel stuck."
Those who seek to believe that they have options, might appreciate these words:   
"The start to a better world is the belief that it is possible."   
Those who seek to believe in such possibility, might appreciate these words:   
"A belief is something you will argue about. A conviction is something you will die for."   
Those who are tempted to die for their conviction, might appreciate these words:
"Convictions are more dangerous enemies of truth than lies."
One might understand one reason, why such conviction might be dangerous through these words:
"A total absence of self-doubt is the first sign of insanity."    
Those who seek to understand such insanity might appreciate the following definition:   
"Faith is belief without evidence and reason; coincidentally that’s also the definition of delusion."    
Those who then seek do discover wether one might be delusional, might appreciate these words:   
"If it is a miracle, any sort of evidence will answer, but if it is a fact, proof is necessary."   
Those who seek such proof, might appreciate these words:
"Besides it is an error to believe that rigour is the enemy of simplicity. On the contrary we find it confirmed by numerous examples that the rigorous method is at the same time the simpler and the more easily comprehended. The very effort for rigor forces us to find out simpler methods of proof."
Those who seek such methods of proof, might appreciate these words:   
"In so far as a scientific statement speaks about reality, it must be falsifiable: and in so far as it is not falsifiable, it does not speak about reality."
Those who seek such reality, might appreciate these words:
"We are looking for a complete, coherent, and simple understanding of reality. Given what we know about the universe, there seems to be no reason to invoke God as part of this description."    
Those who seek to invoke such entity one might refer as "god" as part of such description of reality, might appreciate these words:   
"The lack of understanding of something is not evidence for God. It's evidence of a lack of understanding."   
Those who still seek such evidence of god, might appreciate these words:
"If an ontology predicts almost nothing it ends up explaining almost nothing, and there’s no reason to believe it."    
Those who are confronted with  such an ontology without the power to predict, might appreciate the following idea:    
"We must revisit the idea that science is a methodology and not an ontology."    
Those who seek to make such predictions with the methodology of such science, might appreciate these words:   
"Prediction is not just one of the things your brain does. It is the primary function of the neo-cortex, and the foundation of intelligence."    
"The best way to predict the future is to create it."    
Those who seek to create such future, might appreciate these words:   
"The ultimate foundation of honor is the conviction that moral character is unalterable: a single bad action implies that future actions of the same kind will, under similar circumstances, also be bad."
Those who seek such conviction, might appreciate these words:
"Conviction is worthless unless it is converted into conduct." 
Those who seek understand why such conviction without conduct might be worthless, through these words:
"Knowledge becomes wisdom only after it has been put to good use."   
Those who seek to put their knowledge to good use, might appreciate the following warning:   
"A strong conviction that something must be done is the parent of many bad measures."   
One might understand one reason why that might be through these words:   
"Bad decisions made with good intentions, are still bad decisions."    
Those who seek to make good decisions might appreciate these words:   
"It is not enough to have the courage of your convictions, you must also have the courage to have your convictions challenged."
Those who seek to understand why such challenges might be necessary, might appreciate these words:
"Challenges make you discover things about yourself that you never really knew."
Those who are tempted to avoid such challenges, might appreciate these words:
"Faith means not wanting to know, what the truth is."
Those who are tempted by such faith, might appreciate these words:
"True ignorance is not the absence of knowledge, but the refusal to acquire it."
Those who seek to understand why one might refuse to acquire knowledge, might appreciate these words:
"A lack of knowledge creates fear. Seeking knowledge creates courage."
Those who then seek such knowledge, might appreciate these words:  
"Intelligence is what you use when you don't know what to do."    
Those who seek to understand such intelligence, might appreciate these words:    
"The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination."
Those who seek to understand such imagination, might appreciate these words:    
"Imagination is the power of the mind over the possibilities of things."
Those who realize of their own power, might appreciate the following warning:   
"Great power involves great responsibility."    
Those who do not understand what such responsibility might involve, might appreciate these words:   
"Imagination should be used, not to escape reality but to create it."
Those who seek to create such reality, might appreciate these words:   
"The great secret is a controlled imagination and a well-sustained attention, firmly and repeatedly focused on the object to be accomplished."    
Those who struggle to accomplish their object, might appreciate these words:   
"You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus."    
Those whose imagination is out of focus, might appreciate these words:   
"Sometimes, you just have to close your eyes and be thankful for everything."
Those who seek to express such gratitude, might appreciate the following mantra:   
"We might be all on the way to Pro."   
