One might suffer when trying to hide a secret as in:   
"Secrets were never good. They were supposed to protect people, but they never did. They always made things worse."    
Those who might then try the complete opposite of a secret might appreciate the following wisdom:   
"Complete honesty has nothing to do with 'purity' or naivety. The full truth is unattainable to naivety, and the completely honest artist is not pure in heart."   
Those who seek to remain in naivety might appreciate the following warning:   
"All things truly wicked start from innocence."    
Those who seek to understand innocence might appreciate the chapter on friendship. One might then appreciate one of such "wicked" things described as following:    
"Your ignorance on corruption is their power."    
One might then appreciate the realization about the nature of power:    
"All power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely."    
One might then ask the following question:    
"If knowledge is power and power corrupt, does knowledge corrupt?"    
One might agree to the following answer:    
"Knowledge does not corrupt, unless it is arrogant; but then it is not true knowledge."    
One might appreciate the following wisdom:    
"Knowledge becomes wisdom only after it has been put to good use."    
One might then appreciate such wisdom:    
"Power attracts the corruptible. Suspect any who seek it."    
The following wisdom might be helpful to recognize corruption:   
"The more corrupt the state, the more laws."    
One might appreciate the following solution approach:   
"While transparency reduces corruption, good governance goes beyond transparency in achieving openness. Openness means involving the stakeholders in decision-making process. Transparency is the right to information while openness is the right to participation."    
Those who then have to make decisions in general might appreciate the following words:    
"Choice is the essence of ethics: If there were no choice there would be no ethics, no good, no evil; Good and evil have meaning only insofar as man is free to choose."    
For those who wonder what to choose, might appreciate these words:    
"Ethics may be defined as the obligations of morality."    
Those who wonder what such oblication of morality might be, might appreciate the following definition:    
"We have a high moral responsibility to be rational."    
For those who feel resistance towards that quote might appreciate the following realization:    
"The rationality of the ruled is always the weapon of the rulers."    
Once one has understood the limits of rationality one might then appreciate the following understanding of morality:    
"Morality is doing what is right regardless of what you are told. Obedience is doing what is told regardless of what is right."    
Those who do not know what the "right thing to do" might appreciate the advice on how to recognize obedience in oneself:    
"All you need to know and observe in yourself is this: Whenever you feel superior or inferior to anyone, that’s the ego in you."    
One might then appreciate the explaination of the ego:    
"The Ego, however, is not who you really are. The ego is your self-image; it is your social mask; it is the role you are playing. Your social mask thrives on approval. It wants control, and it is sustained by power, because it lives in fear."    
Those who seek such approval, might appreciate these words:    
"If you are ever tempted to look for outside approval, realize that you have compromized your integrity. If you need a witness, be your own."
Those who seek to be their own witness, might find a way out of such a state of fear in the following realization:    
"Fear can only be mastered outside of your comfort zone."   
One might understand one reason why that might be in these words:   
"A man who avoids suffering is a slave to comfort."    
Those who seek the courage to face one's own suffering, might appreciate these encouraging words:   
"The pathway to your greatest potential is straight through your greatest fears!"    
One might then appreciate the following wisdom:    
"Wisdom is knowing the right path to take. Integrity is taking it."    
One might appreciate the following understanding of integrity:    
"Integrity is keeping a commitment even after circumstances have changed."    
Those who seek to understand what the benefit of keeping such a commitment might be worthwhile, might appreciate these words:     
"When you make a commitment, you create hope. When you keep a commitment you create trust!"    
One might then appreciate this realization:   
"Trust is the ultimate human currency."   
Those who seek to attain such currency, might appreciate to know one reason, why it might be valuable:   
"Trust is the first step to love."
Those who trust might appreciate the following warning:
"Trust but verify."
Those who seek to verify might appreciate the following advice:   
"The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them."
Those who become hesitatant might understand one reason why they might hesitate in these words:
"Trust takes years to build, seconds to break, and forever to repair."
Those who seek to prevent such break might appreciate the following warning:   
"Trust is earned, respect is given, and loyalty is demonstrated. Betrayal of any one of those is to lose all three."   
Those who seek to prevent such betrayal, might appreciate these words:    
"We have to distrust each other. It is our only defense against betrayal."   
Those who struggle with such betrayal, might appreciate these words:
"Forgiveness is not something we do for other people. It’s something we do for ourselves to move on."
Those who struggle to forgive, might understand one reason why that might be through these words:   
"Trust has two dimensions: competence and integrity. We will forgive mistakes of competence. Mistakes of integrity are harder to overcome."   
One might understand why such mistakes of integrity are harder to overcome through these words:    
"Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind."   
Those who struggle to find a way to restore such integrity of their own mind, might appreciate these words:   
"Everyone makes mistakes, but only a person with integrity owns up to them."    
One might understand that it might not be enough to own up to one's own mistakes as in:    
"A mistake is valuable if you do four things with it: recognize it, admit it, learn from it, forget it."   
Those who struggle to apologize might appreciate the following explaination:   
"Apologizing does not always mean that you're wrong and the other person is right. It just means that you value your relationship more than your ego."    
Those who struggle to forget might appreciate the chapter on "harmony".    
Those who struggle to accept such apology might appreciate the following explaination of forgiveness:   
"Forgiveness is not something we do for other people. It’s something we do for ourselves to move on."   
Those who struggle to move on might find it helpful to to repeat the following mantra:   
"We are all on the way to Pro."
