One might be fortunate enough to encounter such words as:
"Philosophy begins with wonder."
Those who wonder might encounter such words:
"Every science begins as philosophy and ends as art."
One might appreciate the english phrase "state of the art" referring to the state of the newest development originating in the latin expression "lege artis" to do everying in life in general according to the standardized set of rules.
Apart from that one might find a clue to understand why science ends as art in the following realization:
"Both the art of intuition and the science of analytics have the role to play in making wise decisions."
Those who aspire to make such decisions might appreciate the following definition of intuition:
"Intuition is important, knowing what kind of questions to ask."
Those who have already a question to ask might appreciate the following explaination to find an answer:
"There comes a leap in consciousness, call it intuition or what you will, the solution comes to you and you don’t know how or why. The other thing is a passion for getting to the core of the problem."
Those who seek such passion might appreciate the following advice:
"You must train your intuition – you must trust the small voice inside you which tells you exactly what to say, what to decide."
Those who seek to train one's own intuition might appreciate the following adivce:
"Learning to trust our intuition is an art form, and like all other art forms, it takes practice to perfect."
Those who seek to practice the art might appreciate the following explaination of art:
"Art is the expression of imagination, not the reproduction of reality."
Those who seek to understand imagination might appreciate the following statement:
"I believe in intuition and inspiration. Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited, whereas imagination embraces the entire world, stimulating progress, giving birth to evolution."
Those who seek to embrace the entire world might appreciate the following mantra:
"We are all on the way to Pro."

