The word "love" can be understood in many different ways.
It would be censorship to limit the way it could be understood
by defining it as realized by Oscar Wilde:
"To define is to limit."
However it does not mean that one should neglect the effort to
deepen the understanding of the word love,
given one dares to claim to be an artist, as Vincent van Gogh said:
"There is nothing more truly artistic than to love people."
Viktor Frankl als oconcluded that:
"Love is the ultimate and the highest goal to which man can aspire."
Even with that realization, one might still struggle to understand love.
Those who still seek to deepen the understanding of love
might appreciate the realization by Paul Tillich:
"The first duty of love is to listen."
Once one is able to fulfill that first duty of love,
one might be able to find all the "four elements of true love"
described by a Zen Master Thich Nhat Hanh:
1. Meinhu = Brotherhood love (discover the need of others = understanding)
2. Karuna = Compassionate love (try helping their suffering)
3. Mudita = Joyful love (enjoy together, effort to offer joy in times of need)
4. Upeksha = Non discriminatory love (Inclusive and calm love)
After one has gained the ability to recognize the elements of true love,
one might appreciate the warning by Suzanne Wright not to love blindly:
"Love is giving someone the power to completely destroy you,
and hoping that they won’t."
Once one has recognized destructive tendencies,
one might find strength in the words Tupac Shakur
to save oneself:
"You never stop loving someone. You just learn to live without them."
One might appreciate the compassion in the words by Søren Kierkegaard
in such a situation:
"The most painful state of being is remembering the future,
particularly the one you'll never have."
Those who are in that painful state might appreciate
the words by Deepak Chopra:
"In every moment you have the choice to be a victim or a creator."
One might appreciate the encouragement by Vincent Van Gogh,
who chose to be a creator:
"Art is to console those who are broken by life."
One might appreciate the understanding of art by Robert Genn:
"Art is a form of love. Art is the ultimate gift. Art heals life."
One might appreciate the words by Andrew W.K. to find that ultimate gift:
"Your love is the ultimate love that empowers all your efforts,
a true love for what is indestructibly and perpetually you."
After reading that quote one might appreciate the specificity
in the words by Rick Warren:
"The most desired gift of love is not diamonds or chocolate.
It is focused attention."
One might appreciate that Bertolt Brecht dared to define love
with his following quote:
"Love is the wish to give, not to receive, something."
For the next time one might appreciate the words by Sonya Parker:
"The wrong person makes you beg for attention, affection, love and commitment.
The right person give you these things because they love you."
One might appreciate theory by Robert Sternberg describing
what is necessary for an healthy relationship:
1. Passion
2. Intimacy
3. Commitment
There is another modern approach by Matthew Hussey,
which is similar yet different,
describing four stages of a relationship:
1. Admiration (Unrequited love)
2. Mutual attraction (Not only limited to Eros)
3. Commitment (marriage, having/raising children)
4. Compatibility (The unnegotiable things are not a burden to each other.)
One may then realize that there are other forms of love,
as described by ancient greek philosophers distinguishing six forms of love.
The 3 well known distictions of love:
1. Eros = Romantic love
2. Philia = Friendly love
3. Agape = Unconditional love
But there are also lesser known forms of love:
4. Philautia = Self love
5. Xenia = Guest love
6. Storge = Familial love
One might feel overwhelmed by all the theory about love.
Those might appreciate the simplicity in the words by Lao Tzu:
"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength,
while loving someone deeply gives you courage."
One might appreciate the understanding of K.R. Fraser
"Courage is not the absence of fear.
It is the decision to move forward in spite of that fear.”
Dave Willis already realized that this courage is necessary
as expressed in the following quote:
"A strong relationship requires choosing to love each other
even in those moments when you struggle to like each other."
Erich Fromm realized that such choice might often not be voluntary:
"Infantile love follows the principle: 'I love because I am loved.'
Mature love follows the principe 'I am loved because I love'
Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.'
Mature love says: I need you because I love you."
One might appreciate the following categorization into five types
of attachment styles observed in infants by John Bowlby
which has been developed further over the years.
There are more fine grained distinction,
but one might appreciate this more simplified version:
1. secure attachment: Stays stable even during tough times.
2. anxious attachment: During tough times seeking more validation.
3. avoidant attachment: During tough times seeking more alone time.
4. anxious and avoidant attachment: Behaves avoidant,
but internally seeking for connection.
To those who secretly seek for connection and are in need for clarity
regarding whether someone loves oneself,
but is indecisive whether the other is ready for a confrontation,
words by Warren Wiersbe might be helpful:
"Truth without love is brutality, and love without truth is hypocrisy."
If one is hurting oneself through unrequited love through exploitation,
it would be advisable to confront for self love.
If one thinks one has recognised all the elements of true love for the other,
one need to understand, that one lacks the understanding,
whether the confrontation is helping the other as stated by Kira J:
"The highest form of love is consideration."
Those who seek something considerate to say might appreciate
the following mantra:
"We are all on the way to Pro."



