One might find oneself wondering the following question in despair:
"How did I get here?"    
Those who seek to escape such devastating situation, might appreciate the advice to contact local authorities. Those who seek prepare themselves for such an confrontation, appreciate the following warning:   
"The world will not be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those who watch them without doing anything."   
The interpretation whether an action was benevolent depends ultimately how it is perceived by those affected by that action. Regardless the definition of benevolence there is a concept in psychology called "dark tetrad" for which the author of this document wants to give a short subjective explaination of the understanding on the topic:   

First trait is narcissism, which the Christians regarded as origin of the seven deadly sins which is "pride" fueled by egoism. Those who seek a way to handle such egoism might appreciate the chapter "preperation", "maturity" and "integrity".   

Second trait is machiavellianism, which is the exploitative action such as manipulation towards others, which can be studied in the book "Il Principe". Those who seek to deal with such exploitation and manipulation might appreciate the chapter on "good" and "responsiblity".   

Third trait is psychopathy which can be recognized in the remorseless antisocial behavior. Those who seek to protect against those might appreciate the chapter on "protection".   

Forth trait is sadism, which is to feel pleasure from torturing others. Those who seek to protect against those might appreciate the chapter on "normal".   

One might appreciate the advise not to neglegt to deepen the understanding of the dark tetrad to prevent extinction of humanity.
Humanity has not yet come up with a solution to the problem specified as in:   
"History repeats itself, but in such cunning disguise that we never detect the resemblance until the damage is done."   

One might appreicate the warning of those individuals which one might be able to refer as members of of a group called "cults",
who might apply technique of manipulation under the pretext of "help" to exploit vulnabilities. Those might appreciate the the warning not to neglegt the research done on one's trusted search engine to avoid manipulation which might have fatal consequences. Those who do not have capability for such research, might appreciate the "BITE" model, which is an extensive list of specific influence of a high control group to classify as a cult. Details might be found here: https://freedomofmind.com/cult-mind-control/bite-model-pdf-download/ [2025.05.11]

The author of this document appreciates all current and future efforts to prevent this art project to become a "cult" for the following definition of the term "cult":   
"A cult is an organization which causes deliberate harm to at least one individual by those who can be identified as their members. The following enumeration of characteristics which have been observed in organizations which has been legally classified as cults to help identifying a cult, but it is not necessary to fullfill them all:   
1. Manipulation to become a member.    
2. Manipulation of its members.   
3. Exploitation of its members or other individuals.   
4. Causing harm to its members or others.   
5. Believing in claims which cannot be falsified through scientific methodology.   
6. Believing in claims which has been proven wrong through scientific methodology.   
7. Sabotaging or neglecting the efforts to falsify their claims through science.   
8. If exiting such group has been made difficult, through blackmailing or social isolation of the members."   
The author is aware of the broad definition and appreciates all effort to improve that definition, given the possibility that members of such organization might deny their membership, their actions, their intent or consequences of their actions was harmful. In that case, one might appreciate the advise not to neglect sufficient strategization of ensuring one's own protection given the possiblility of retaliation in order to request assistance by local authorities.   

One might appreciate the advice not to neglect the appreciation for all the efforts to prevent such fatalities by saying:   
"We are all on the way to Pro."   
