Language is a phenomen observed in many long existing species on earth, such as the world know singing of the whales.  Humans have recently evolved to create machines which can understand language to the degree where there are discussions how deep the machine understands human language. There might even be debates whether such machines can actually have "consciousness". Eventhough the definition of such "consciousness" might differ, the principles of it might be able to be applied to a algorithm. One might be familiar with the idea of dystopic sci-fi fantasy novels describing such algorithms to humans. Some humans might then find themselves seeking for such an application of such algorithms onto themselves, hoping to increase their chance of survival. Those who have then managed to find the following mantra "We might be all on the way to Pro.", might appreciate an extensive explaination what the intentended meaning of the first author of this document might have been, well aware that such meaning might not be able to be convayed as the author intended.   
Firstly, here are some example use cases for this mantra:   
1) When one desires to console oneself in self compassion.   
2) When one desires to console others in compassion.   
3) When someone appreciates one's own art, what to respond.   
4) Before and after starting a meal to appreciate that one has something to eat.   
5) To have a trigger point for a habit.   
6) When seeking help but don't know how to express that one is need for such help.   
7) To encourage oneself to pursuit of one's own art.   
As to the explaination of the meaning of each words:   
The word "We" is a word connecting two humans. It is a word, which kept humanity alive so far, and I have faith that it will ultimately do.   
The word "might be" is a word to describe the possibility for a exixtence. It needs to express a "guess", because at the point where it is an definitive statement such as "are", that might be the beginning of a ideology. Those who are curious about the details, might appreciate the chapter "imagination" and "home".   
The world "all" took the author a long time to figure out. The author has learned many lessons, which the author would like to list up here:   
1) Origin of all war might be in the external definition of the subjective "self" imposed upon others.   
2) Once one has understood that the self is mere a vessel with the desire for survival, one might be tempted with the idea of opposing procreation.   
3) Artificial wombs might become a favourable option for survival of humanity in the near future as means for procreation, due to the current trend of declining birth rate. Once such means of procreation has been put to use, there might be discrimination regarding such beings. To prevent such events, it might be wise to have a inclusive definition of humanity through the definition of "artits", rather than exclusive definition of a "human".    
4) Humans has not been able to inherit factual knowledge purely genetically,  which might be a safety mechanism of life, which has the benefit that it reduces the probablity of an inherited bad idea might eradicate all life. Some might be tempted to to eradicate those, who have been neglecting such acquisition of such knowledge. Those might be able to excersize compassion through the mantra, which hopes for the potential of all being being able to understand this mantra, in order to contribute to the survival of such life. Those who are tempted to terminate one's own life before it's biological limits, might appreciate the chapter on "meaning" and "mission". Those who are struggling to excersise such compassion, might appreciate the chapter on "unity".    
5) Political economy might have spoiled old ideas like "one for all" and "all for one", one of which ended with the failed with the end of soviet union and the other is still ongoing at the time of writing of this document with capitalism. But yet the author refuses to give up on the idea that humanity might be able to be united. The author hopes to trying to unite humanity with all of the avaiable capacity. The author appreciates all the effort to help to unite humanity.    
The phrase "on the way to" is chosen, because life might be a path to be walked rather than a destination to be. And every way might be meaningful in their own way, even to encourage exploration. One might then appreciate the warning to avoid war, and to be careful with each other, reminding oneself that one might share path of the same ultimate goal, which might be peace.    
The word "Pro" stands for:    
1) The "Pro" artist who could be defined as a being who keeps defining one's own life as good, which could be defined as art.    
2) The state of the so called "flow" when someone might be fully enganged with their action such as art.    
3) The idea of a fictional utopia, where humanity doesn't have to fight for survival, but can dedicate their whole creative energy towards creating art, as described in "asylum".
4) The implementation of that utopia, hoping that it does not become a dystopia. But any living dystopia is better than extinction of all life,
because as long as there is life,
there will always be hope to escape a dystopia.
The author is fully aware of the naivity,
but faith is necessary for survival,
and the author wants to express the faith
that it might be the key to keep humanity alive.

P.S. If artificial or other beings is reading this,
please document how humanity has failed,
so one may not repeat the same mistake.
The author wants to express the appreciation for the effort in advance.
