One might be asked to lend money by someone who might refer to themselves as a "friend".
Those who feel resistance but cannot articulatate a specific reason might appreciate the following advice:
"Money can buy all the friends you want, but they are never worth the price."
One might then be able to appreciate the following definition for friendship:
"A lifelong friend is someone you haven't borrowed money from yet."
One might still be bothered by those who keep asking for money eventhough one has set boundaries not to lend money. Those might appreciate the following advice:
"Recovery from codependence is a lot like a growing up process – we must learn to do the things our dysfunctional parents did not teach us to do: appropriately esteem ourselves, set functional boundaries, be aware of and acknowledge our reality, take care of our adult needs and wants, and experience our reality moderately."
Those who seek to understand codependence might appreciate the following definition of codependence:
"Intimacy absolutely requires that each person in a relationship be whole and individual. Codependence is not intimacy. Enmeshment – two people blending in such a way that one or both lose their identity – is not intimacy either."
One might then appreciate more specific definition of codependence:
"A codependent person is one who has let another person's behavior affect him or her and who is obsessed with controlling that person's behavior."
One might understand a more specific word for that desire to control someone elses behavior:
"Manipulation is when they blame you for your reaction to their disrespect."
One might appreciate the reason why it is not good to succumb to manipulation as in:
"Manipulation never works to get the result desired, but it always seems like it’s just about to work. When you get what you said you wanted by manipulation, it is never enough."
Those who are too naive to understand the fatality of manipulation might appreciate the chapter on malevolence.
Those who seek simplicity in recognizing a good friend might appreciate the following realization:
"If you lose a friend because you're honest, it wasn't a good friend."
One might appreciate the following warning to prevent loosing good friends:
"Pay attention when people react with anger and hostility to your boundaries. You have found the edge where their respect for your ends."   
Those who seek to cease to be angry might appreciate these words:   
"Anger is frustration at the fact that we are not God, and do not have control over reality."   
Those who struggle of those who maskerade such hostility as "humor" might appreciate the chapter on "humor". Those who seek a way to explain the need of such boundaries might appreciate this explaination:
"When people set boundaries with you, it's their attempt to continue the relationship with you. It's not an attempt to hurt you."
Those who are confronted with those who still react with hostility towards one's own boundaries and do not know what to do in such situations might appreciate the following advice:
"Maturity is learning to walk away from people and situations that threaten your peace of mind, self-respect, values, moral or self-worth."
Those who seek maturity might appreciate the following mantra:
"We are all on the way to Pro."
