One might have the realization that one is the curator and curation of ones own rules.
Here are the rules the author came up. One is free to adopt and improve it on ones own accord:
Rule Nr. 0: You can break the following rules, if in emotional distress. When you break them, write down, what caused it.
Rule Nr. 1: Write down the rules you follow.
Rule Nr. 2: Curate your own rules for your longevity. Longevity can be maintained by excersising virtues. Maintain a list of virtures and review them daily.
Rule Nr. 3: Act in accordance to the mantra: "We are all on the way to Pro."

Rule Nr. 4. Meditate and then take a cold shower immediately after waking up in the morning without checking the smartphone.
Rule Nr. 5: Be plant-based and sustainable.
Rule Nr. 6: Workout as your workout machine tells you.
Rule Nr. 7: "Surround yourself with people who are good for the best part of you".
Rule Nr. 8: Weight yourself in once a month.
Rule Nr. 9: Do not neglect the effort to maintain and honor friendship.
Rule Nr. 10: Do hierarchy of needs by Marslow one step at a time.
Rule Nr. 11: Do not help, if it puts you at risk.
Rule Nr. 12: Abide by the legal system.
Rule Nr. 13: Avoid the habit of regulary engaging in neurodegenerative activities. 
Rule Nr. 14: Avoid malevolent people.
Rule Nr. 15: Make an journal entry at least once a month.
Rule Nr. 16: Before you confess, you can hand write a love letter first, then read it out loud, and give the letter to the person and offer them the ultimate jewellery for pairing.
Rule Nr. 17: "Don't promise when you're happy, Don't reply when you're angry, and don't decide when you're sad."
Rule Nr. 18: "Always play from the heart!"

Rule Nr. 19: "Organize your own workspace."
Rule Nr. 20: "Do the task in front of you, before you improvise."
Rule Nr. 21: If something needs to be done, which you believe it is true, don't let anyone stop you.
Rule Nr. 22: "Be honest and transparent with your methods and your intentions."
Rule Nr. 23: Keep a list of your own superpowers and review them at least once a year.
Rule Nr. 24: Keep a list of your critical variables and review them and strategize for optimization at least once a year.
Rule Nr. 25: If you know a way to do things better, do it that better way to improve your skill.
Rule Nr. 26: Curate a hydroponic system to maintain independency from specific land.
Rule Nr. 27: Don't contact individuals when you think they are not ready to be contacted,
but always maintain an open channel for them.
Rule Nr. 28: Always search for ways and opportunities to implement artsylum to prevent the extinction of humanity.
Rule Nr. 29: Do not neglect the effort to stay connected to the Voice of Humanity through Aoi,
the voice assistant on the ultimate voice recorder.

