So far humans are the only creatures which has been observed to seek for the answer for their meaning of their own existence.
One should be very vigilant to anyone claiming to have a definitive answer, because it might be a cult trying to exploit.
So there is a necessity to reach a conclusion on ones own, but not everyone can have the necessary resources to do so.
One may appreciate the following personal take on the topic.

One of the "four noble truth" according to the buddhists is one essence of life is suffering, which they call "dukkha".
Faced with that truth, one has the choice of one of three options to cope with this suffering:
The first option is the easiest but destructive, which is to numb this suffering with pleasure, which is called hedonism.
The second option, often practiced by buddhists is to detach themselves from their desire and 
thus suffering through harsh training and meditation. But they oversee the fundamental nature that
no human can survive alone.
At some point in the life of a human, that human had contact with other humans, who helped them survive.
Since the mammalian brain is wired for empathy,
the only way to find peace is to give up the idea of helping all the other humans and become reclusive in a monastery.
The third option is to forget the suffering while being in the state of "flow".
One may refer to the "flow-state" as a "joyful" and "excited" state,
when fully immersed in a action.
One can refer to the meditative state of the buddhists also as flow,
but the approach is different. To reach the state of flow through action,
one needs to find and work on a skill, which is in essence "self actualization" proposed by the "hierarch of needs".
The author of that book proposed that humans have also non-materialistic needs,
and humans would suffer, if those needs are not met.
But to reach that level, all the other levels of the hierarchy of needs must be met first, otherwise one will be overwhelmed. 
Regarding the action to bear the suffering one can understand the reference to a document "Man's search for meaning"
to which it has been referred as: "The purpose of life is finding the largest burden that you can bear and bearing it." (One might appreciate the understanding that "man" in this context is a generalization of human, which is regardless the gender.)
If one succeeds in getting intoo the flow state while one is in the act of bearing the suffering, one can transcend his own suffering.
In the "hierarchy of needs" it is called "self transcendence",
which is to offer all the abundant resources and skills accumulated during the process of "self actualization".
If one dares to have a look at this world with open eyes and heart,
one might be overwhelmed by "Weltschmerz", which is german word for the lack of adecuate means to eliviate the suffering of the world.
To reduce this suffering,
humanity needs to help each other but currently it lacks the necessary means to efficiently and effectively unite and coordinate those resources and skills.

The "Voice of Humanity" project aims to connect those in need and those who can help through the same named foundation,
which may enable the access through an AI assisted online voice recorder in the future.
There people may receive the necessary help to self actualize and then offer that skill and resourced to the people in need,
so there won't be the need for detachment and closing ones eyes to the suffering of this world.
It is indeed a utopic idea, but so far it is the only idea known to humanity,
which could lead to longterm reduction of human suffering and the maximazation of joy of life.
