Disclaimer: This document includs topis on mental health.

A life in a state of low awareness will be effortless,
because it is mere priviledge which miraculously kept one alive.
A life in a state of high awareness will be effortful,
which would stretch the perception of one second to infinity.
If one would see another suffering in that state of high awareness caused by chronic pain, one might be tempted to "euthanasia", which is to murder such person and refer to it as "mercy".
Such support of such death wish is commonly referred as suicide, which is not an option which can be reverted.
Thus one might be tormented knowing that others might continue a life live in suffering.
That torment might be commonly referred in german as "Weltschmerz" which can be translated to "world pain".
One might find a reason why humanity is still alive is, because humans are the only known species to be able to see meaning in that "Weltschmerz" as in:
"He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how."
Those who were not fortunate to find a "why", might appreciate help of a health care professional to find a way to their "why", as postulated as:
"Assisted suicide is a reversal of the proper role of a doctor as a healer, comforter and consoler to an improper role of the physician causing a patient's death."
Those who were fortunate to find a "why" or such a help might appreciate to attribute such effort as "art".
One might then appreciate to refer to the effort to unite humanity despite of the suffering of individuals, which will be one of the most effortful event in the history of humankind, requiring everything what each life of individuals has to offer as "the ultimate art" which is further explained in the chapter "ultimate".
Those who are still suffering might appreciate the following encouraging words for guidance:
"Until your mission is an obsession, nothing will change in your life."
Those who have yet to find their mission might appreciate the following realization:
"My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style."
Those who seek to thrive might appreciate the chapters "hope", "peace", "good" and "responsiblity".
Those who struggle to thrive might appreciate these words:
"The magic you are looking for is in the work you are avoiding."
Those who seek to overcome such avoidance of work might get started by saying the following mantra:
"We are all on the way to Pro"
