One might find oneself struggling with such a thought as in:   
"I am a mystery to myself."   
Those who are overwhelmed might appreciate the following advice:   
"The mystery of life is not a problem to be solved but a reality to be experienced."   
Some might struggle to accept such reality as described in these words:   
"Mystery is delightful, but unscientific, since it depends upon ignorance."    
Those who are resisting teh unscientific nature of mystery might appreciate tehse words:   
"The fairest thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the fundamental emotion which stands at the cradle of true art and true science."   
Those who seek to understand ignorance might appreciate these words:   
"Ignorance itself is without a doubt a sin for those who do not wish to understand; for those who, however, cannot understand, it is the punishment of sin."    
Those who struggle with such a punishment might appreciate these words:   
"The mystery of human existence lies not in just staying alive, but in finding something to live for."   
Those who seek to find something to live for might appreciate the following insight:   
"The purpose of art is mystery."   
Those who seek to understand art might appreciate these words:   
"There is nothing more truly artistic than to love people."
Those who seek to understand love might appreciate these words:   
"Love is an endless mystery, because there is no reasonable cause that could explain it."   
Those who yet seek to understand love might appreciate the chapter on "transcendence".
Those who seek to understand one reason why art has such a potetial in these words:   
"Curiosity is the offspring of mystery. For without mystery there be no need for curiosity. Curiosity is the search for the things that can be, it is the inspiration of the true adventurer."   
Those who seek to become such an adventurer might appreciate these words:   
"The hero journey is inside of you; tear off the veils and open the mystery of your self."    
Those who struggle to start such a journey might apreciate tehse words:   
"You have to lose your mind in order to regain your senses."   
Those who struggle to lose their mind, might appreciate these words:   
"Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time."   
Those who seek to understand such art might appreciate the chapter on "ultimate".
Those who seek to do such art, might appreciate the following mantra:   
"We are all on the way to Pro."
