One might recognize the utility in the book called "hierarchy of needs" despite some critisim.
Those who seek to understand one's own needs might appreciate the subjective interpretation and explaination by the author of this document.
One might appreciate to know that the author by the mentioned book had the idea in midst of the rising of a capitalistic society.
That author tried to explain the "non-materialistic" needs beyond the physiological needs, which is food, water, rest and warmth.
Those who struggle to address one's own physiological needs might appreciate the chapter on "peace", "good", "privilege", "mission" and "health".
He explicitly mentioned warmth, because shelter would be a need one level higher in the hierarchy, which is security.
To address the need for securiry one might appreciate the following enumeration of possible examples of a job with prospect until artsylum is fully operational, 
long term contract for renting a room, emergency savings, insurance, etc..
Those who seek such security might appreciate the chapter on "malevolence" and "preperation".
After those two materialistic needs are satisfied, one might have enough capacity to explore the need for "friendship and belonging".
There is no general order in which those needs should be adressed, but one can decrease the amount of unnessecary suffering, by taking one step at a time.
Those who seek a place where one might be able to call as "home", might appreciate the chapters "friendship", "honor", "humor", "civilization", "home" and "asylum".
Those who seek to furhter solidify and protect that place called "home" might appreciate the chapters on "home" and "protection".
To prepare oneself for that occasion of emergency, one should not neglect building up "esteem".
One might appreciate the following subjective understanding of the author for "esteem".
Esteem is the recognition of ones own integrity by others whether one will not hesitate to help when such help is requested.
Those who struggle with hesitatation might appreciate the chapter "clarity", "integrity" and "obituary".
At that stage, one might be pondering how to be regarded in "high esteem".
One of the most simple ways to do is to practive a martial arts to be able to protect those in need.
One might appreciate a belt system often preverent in styles of martial arts originating in Asia as a sign of recognition of one's proficiency and maturity by others.
Those who might be tempted by vice such as pride might appreciate the following realization:
"True humility is not in the absence of confidence but strength restrained."
Those who seek to understand strength might appreciate the chapter on "character".
Those who seek to understand the need for such restriction might appreciate the chapters "harmony" and "hero".
One might appreciate the advice not to remain in convenient complaisance only because one has reached the maximal possible capability in one domain of life.
One is rather encouraged to maximalize other capacities to explore the limits of one's own possiblity.
In it's ultimate state it might be possible to be regarded as "self actualization".
One might appreciate the wisdom that it might not be possible to maximize all capacities in one finite life time.
Those who have not realized the finitude of one's own life might appreciate the following wisdom:
"We all have two lives. The second one starts when we realize that we only have one."
Those who struggle to start that second life might appreciate the following words of compassion:
"You are enough. You are so enough, it is unbelievable how enough you are."
Those who struggle to believe in oneself to be enough might appreciate the chapter on "contentment".
Those who seek to start such a second life might have such painful realization of "Weltschmerz" which might be able to be defined as following:
"Weltschmerz, basically, is the depression we feel when bamboozlers, fanatics, manipulators, trolls, bigots, demagogues, fear-mongers, liars and prigs threaten to take over the world, and there’s nothing, we think, we can do about it."
Those who are still suffering from "Weltschmerz" might appreciate the chapter on "hope", "meaning", and "mission".
Those who seek to overcome one's own "Weltschmerz" through changing one's own thoughts might appreciate the realization that that exact desire might be the final layer of the hierarchy of needs called "self transcendance".
That desire to contribute to reduce the suffering of oneself and others might be referred to as "love" as in the following quote:
"Love is the desire to give, not to receive, something."
Those who seek to understand "self transcendence" might appreicate the chapters "transcendence", "love", "enlightenment", "consciousness", "responsiblity", "procreation" and "realization".
Those who struggle to stop sacrificing oneself to almost a lethal degree might appreciate the chapter on "codependence".
Those who seek to find a way to contribute to humanity without excessive self sacrifice might appreciate the chapters "benevolence", "ultimate", "normal", "mantra", "humanity", "prompt", "originality", "joy", "corruption", "D5" and "foundation".
Those who have already found their way to contribute might appreciate the following mantra to offer their help:
"We are all on the way to Pro."
