As realized in the following quote:   
"Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal."   
One might find courage in these words:   
"Normal is subjective. Don't ever let anyone tell you you're not normal."   
But one might still be left with the question, why the modern human society oustracizes deviation of individuals, by declaring them "insane". This ostracization might be an unconscious safety mechanism against mass insanity, which one might have wanted to warn: 
"But insanity is everywhere these days, and celebrated. Insanity is rapidly becoming the new normal."   
One might appreciate the advice on how to recognize insanity as in:   
"A total absence of self-doubt is the first sign of insanity."   
Those who seek to protect themselves from such insanity, might appreciate these words:   
"I am an agnostic; I do not pretend to know what many ignorant men are sure of."   
Those who seek to be such agnostic, might also appreciate another sign to recognize insanity as in:   
"One of the signs of insanity is the belief that life after death matters more than life on Earth!"   
One might appreciate the following concise remark:   
"Martyrdom has always been a proof of the intensity, never of the correctness of a belief."   
One might desire to express that intensity as relativity as in:   
"Insanity is relative. It depends on who has who locked in what cage."   
Once one has realized the cage around oneself might find oneself in despair. Those might appreciate the following words filled with optimism:   
"To recognize one’s own insanity is, of course, the arising of sanity, the beginning of healing and transcendence."   
Those who seek such transcendence, might appreciate the chapter on "transcendence".
Those who are beginning to heal might appreciate the following words of enouragement:   
"The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man."   
The author of that quote also added:   
"Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself."   
Those who seek to create oneself might appreciate these words:   
"To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly."   
Those who might despair again when reading "endlessly", might appreciat these words:   
"Pain is only bearable if we know it will end, not if we deny it exists."   
One might appreciate the realization the author of that quote has reached:   
"Suffering ceases to be suffering at the moment it finds a meaning."   
One might appriciate how one may find meaning in suffering:   
"The struggle itself towards the heights is enough to fill a man’s heart. One must imagine Sisyphus happy."   
Those who cannot imagine might appreciate the encouragement to be an artist as in:   
"An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one."   
Those who wonder when an artist is might appreciate the following realization:   
"Every artist was first an amateur."   
Those who do not want to remain an amateur might then appreciate the understanding as in:   
"Being a professional means doing your job on the days you don't want to do it."   
Those who are tempted to not do do one's own job with the excuse of lack of talent might appreciate these
words of encouragement:   
"There may be people who have more talent than you, but there's no excuse for anyone to work harder than you do."   
One might then appreciate the definition of talent as in:   
"Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see."   
One might be tempted to ostracize others with extraordinary talents and goals. Thus it might be required for those in power to excercize compassion. One approach might be to recognise that it is possible to arrive at the same goal, without specifying the path through teaching as Immanuel Kant said it well:   
"Genius is the ability to independently arrive at and understand concepts that would normally have be taught by another person."   
The word "genius" has one origin in latin meaning "creative force", which might be one aspect of all art. But as every force, that force can reap havoc, if it might be left unmastered. To prevent damage caused hubris of the narcissitic interpretation of "genius", humilty would be advisable. To prevent damage caused by naive playfulness of individuals with talents, humanity is adviced to have enough resources to educate them. Those who seek such education, might appreciate the chapter on "curiosity". One might then be able to appreciate the advise, not to remain naive about the containment of those individuals, as mentioned in the following warning:   
"There is no great genius without some touch of madness."   
Those who are ostrasized as mad might appreciate the following realization:   
"There is only one difference between a madman and me. The madman thinks he is sane. I know I am mad."   
Those who struggle to embrace one's own madness might appreciate these words:   
"When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro."   
Those who seek to turn "pro" might appreciate the following encouraging words:   
"Weird love's better than no love at all."   
One might appreciate the advice to be responsible when expressing love to those who might not know how to respond in a way which may be referred as good. Those who seek to express such love, might appreciate the chapter on "responsibility". Those who has not been priviledged to experience enough of such love, might appreciate these words:   
"Learn to love yourself first, instead of loving the idea of other people loving you."   
Those who seek to learn to love themselves, might appreciate the following mantra:
"We are all on the way to Pro."
