One might be priviledged enough to appreciate a life without involuntary starvation.
Those might appreciate the advice for a plant based diet for longetivity as mentioned in the book "How Not to Die".
Those who are aware of the existence of fellow beings
suffering from involuntary starvation might reach the presumably "rational" conclusion that suicide might be a way to ease one's own suffering.
Those might aspire to live an ascetic life as written in buddhist scriptures to minimize one's own suffering caused by attachment.
Those might appreciate the knowledge that there used to be an extreme practice called "living buddha" or "sokushinbutsu" which consisted of being voluntary burried alive with only a hole to breathe which ended in death by starvation which has been banned in most countries as "religious suicide".
Those who are tempted by such or similar idea of suicide might appreciate the following realization for the limitation of "rationality" in order to stay alive:
"I think life's an irrational obsession."
One might then stay alive long enought to be able to find other ways to help those who are suffering including oneself.
One may appreciate the idea to call whatever helps to maintain that obsession to life voluntary as "art".
Those who seek to understand such obsession might aprreciate these words:
"Until your mission is an obsession, nothing will change in your life."
One might find inspiration in the following words:
"I'm on a mission to help people grow and give."
One may try to help others without the proper ability.
Those might appreciate the chapter on benevolence.
One may encounter others such as members of of a group called "cults",
who might apply technique of manipulation under the pretext of "help".
Those might appreciate the the warning not to neglegt the research done on one's trusted search engine to avoid manipulation which might have fatal consequences.

The author of this document appreciates all current and future efforts to prevent this art project to become a "cult" for the following definition of the term "cult":
"A cult is an organization which causes deliberate harm to at least one individual by those who can be identified as their members. The following enumeration of characteristics which have been observed in organizations which has been legally classified as cults to help identifying a cult, but it is not necessary to fullfill them all:
1. Manipulation to become a member.
2. Manipulation of its members.
3. Exploitation of its members and other individuals.
4. Inflicting damage upon its members and others.
5. Believing blindly in claims which can be proven wrong."
The author is aware of the broad definition and appreciates all effort to improve that definition, given the possibility that members of such organization might deny their membership, their actions, their intent or consequences of their actions was harmful. In that case, one might appreciate the advise not to neglect sufficient strategization of ensuring one's own protection given the possiblility of retaliation in order to request assistance by local authorities. 
