One might wonder why all of the quotes in these documents lack attribution.
One reason is because the author has been adviced not to attribute quotes to people,
because they or their family might sue.
Another reason is to protect those who said it as in:
"Anonymity is a shield from the tyranny of the majority."
Another reason is to seek truth without prejudice as in:
"Give a man a mask and he’ll tell you the truth."
Another reason is not to lose oneself in the infinite search for the true origin of those quotes as in:
"Originality is the art of concealing your sources."
In the history of mankind there has been many quotes attributed to a singular or plural entity some may refer as "god" or "gods".
Some may find peace by believing such assumption.
But such faith in a deity has not achieved world peace so far, one might even recognize a reason for the obstruction of world peace.
One reason why such religous faith might not lead to world peace might be found to the false attribution of quotes to such "divine" entities.
One might appreciate a concept in mathematics called "ex falso quodlibet" in this context.
It means that all conclusions drawn from a false premise may be "true" logically but is actually "false".
One might appricate the following quote in this context:
"You will never be free until you free yourself from the prison of your own false thoughts."
One might appreciate to find out whether one's own thoughts are false:
"No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right; a single experiment can prove me wrong."
The author is aware of the limitation of such proof as in:
"...a consistency proof for [any] system ... can be carried out only by means of modes of inference that are not formalized in the system ... itself."
Therefore the author tries to convay principles which might be useful in order to achieve world peace as in:
"We can perhaps never know the truth with 100 percent certainty, but making correct predictions is the way to tell if we’re getting closer."
There might be disagreements or possible improvements to the principles mentioned in this document.
In that case, the author appreciates all future the effort to improve this collection of documents.
The author also appreciates the understanding that not all attempts to change this document may be accepted into this collection for any given reason.
In that case the author appreciates all the effort to understand the reason for rejection.
If then one still thinks that the change might be crutial, then the author appreciates the effort explain it to the author or the maintainance team as in:
"The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man."
The author understands the word "man" as a general pronoun for an entity, and appreciates the understanding that it is not meant to discriminate.
One might then admire the beauty of the language referred as "english",
for which it may give one the ability to express free from gender,
age and culture for the pure intent of
communication with the least nuance possible.
But it would be utterly useless,
if it could not express the intention in full intensity
as in the following words:
"The only thing limiting your
aspiration is your imagination."
The reason for that might be found
in the following quote:
"The best use of imagination is creativity.
The worst use of imagination is anxiety."
For those who are wondering about anxiety,
the following words might be enlighting:
"Anxiety is not fear,
being afraid of this or that definite object,
but the uncanny feeling of
being afraid of nothing at all."
For those who are in need of courage,
one might appreciate the following words:
"Courage is knowing what not to fear."
Those who seek that knowledge might appreciate the
inspiring piece of wisdom:
"There are only two ways to influence human behavior.
You can manipulate it or 
you can inspire it."
One may then attribute the title of "encouragement" to words
that are inspiring.
One may realize that one might have been seeking subconsciously
for such words to find back to the original strength of human
as a species.
In that case one might appreciate these words:
"The strength of a person's spirit would then
be measured by how much 'truth' he could tolerate,
or more precisely, to what extent he needs to have it diluted,
disguised, sweetened, muted, falsified."
One may be tempted to give up to find truth
as further expressed pessimistically as:
"What is the truth, but a lie agreed upon."
One may then appreciate the optimism in this quote:
"Life can only be understood backwards;
but it must be lived forwards."
One might find a clue on how to live life forwards in
these words:
"We can perhaps never know the truth with 100 percent certainty,
but making correct predictions is the way to tell
if we're getting closer."
One might appreciate the understanding for the importance of
predictablity in these words:
"Building trust is a process.
Trust results from consistent and
predictable interaction over time."
Those who want to accelerate that process of building trust
might appreciate the following advice:
"Quickest way to build trust:
Keep promises you make, don’t over-promise.
Over-deliver, don’t under-deliver.
If you say you'll do something, make sure you do
but if things then run late or go wrong,
tell your client at the earliest opportunity."

Those who seek an opportunity to make a promise
without over-promising, might appreciate the
following template to make a promise:
It is required to agree to the following promise
before this promise is deemed valid.
Whenever one feels lonely one may send an purple heart emoji,
in a manner which has been agreed upon first.
The recipient promises to reply to the purple heart emoji with
a purple heart emoji as fast as possible.
In case this promise might raise the concern of codependency,
one may decline the request for that promise.

Those who are not priviledged
to find someone to make a promise to might appreciate
the following promise made by the author of this document:
The author of this document promises to keep working on a 
open source design for a voice recorder
which is assisted with an AI called "Aoi".
The AI will have the capablity to accept a request made by
the user for the promise of the purple heart emoji.
As long as the correct function of that voice recorder
is maintained the AI will try to respond as promised.
The user may occasionally also be be requested to keep the promise.
Timestamp of the promise made: [1697285236]

Until the day of compleation one might appreciate the following
mantra to find someone to which one may make a promise:
"We are all on the way to Pro."
