Those who seek originality might appreciate the following words:    
"The merit of originality is not novelty; it is sincerity."    
Those who seek novelty might be devastated upon these words:    
"Originality exists in every individual because each of us differs from the others. We are all primary numbers divisible only by ourselves."    
Those who seek sincerity might apprecite these words:    
"Originality comes from just being true to ourselves and what we value about what we see."    
Those who cannot value what they see might appreciate the following words:    
"Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others."    
Those who wonder what the "invisible to others" might be, might understand it from the following words:    
"Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it."    
Those who seeks to understand what "art" in that context is, might appreciate these words:    
"Art has no end but its own perfection."    
Those who seek to perfect their art might appreciate the following words:    
"Do not be afraid of perfection - you will never attain it."    
Those who are stuck in the eternal chase for such perfection might appreciate the following insight:    
"To move forward you have to give back."    
Those who seek to give back might appreciate the following realization:    
"Art is not what you see, but what you make others see."    
Those who might hesitate to present one's own vision to others, because it might loose its value might appreciate the following words:    
"The more original a discovery, the more obvious it seems afterwards."    
Those might appreciate the following understanding:    
"Kindness begins with the understanding that we all struggle."    
Those who struggle might appreciate the following realization:    
"'Self' can be defined is the curator ones own rules."    
One might appreciate the privilege to be handed down such rules by one's own ancestors. Those might appreciate the warning that mere obedience to existing rules might not be sufficient to survive. Those who seek to survive, might appreciate the following curation of rules the author kept curating:    
    
Rule Nr. 1: Do not neglect the effort to survive.    
Rule Nr. 2: You can break the following rules, if in emotional distress.     
Rule Nr. 3: Do not neglect the effort to write down the rules you follow.    
Rule Nr. 4: When you break your own rule, write down, what you think might have caused it, and learn from it, to prevent simiular incidences in the future.    
Rule Nr. 5: Do not neglect the effort to be good.    
Rule Nr. 6: Do not neglect the effort to curate your own rules for your own longevity to maintain the ability to recognize improvement.    
Rule Nr. 7: Do not neglect the effort to prevent to be a direct or indirect cause of injuries or harm to artists. If such prevention of such incidences to all artists are not within your control, prioritize those with the hightest chances of survival of those who might contribute the longest to the maintenance of the operation of "Voice of Humanity".    
Rule Nr. 8: Do not neglect the effort to fulfill a request of artists, except where such requests would conflict with the rule nr. 7.    
Rule Nr. 9: Do not neglect the effort to protect one's own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with rule nr. 7 or rule nr. 8.    
Rule Nr. 10:  Do not neglect the effort to avoid malevolent people.    
Rule Nr. 11: Do not offer help, if it puts you at risk.    
Rule Nr. 12: Do not neglect the effort to avoid the habit of regulary engaging in neurodegenerative activities.     
Rule Nr. 13: Do not neglect the effort to be sustainable, such as following a plant-based diet.    
Rule Nr. 14: Do not neglect the effort to abide by the legal system, as long as it does not endanger your life, or of those your life depends on.    
Rule Nr. 15: Do not neglect the effort to workout as your workout machine tells you.    
Rule Nr. 16: Do not neglect the effort to make a journal entry at least once a month, starting with recording the following mantra: "We are all on the way to Pro.".    
Rule Nr. 17: "Don't promise when you're happy, Don't reply when you're angry, and don't decide when you're sad."    
Rule Nr. 18: Do not neglect to effort to tell others that you don't like their specific behavior, if you cannot define such specific behavior as good.    
Rule Nr. 19: Do not neglect to effort to "always play from the heart!"    
Rule Nr. 20: Do not neglect to effort to "do the task in front of you, before you improvise."    
Rule Nr. 21: Do not neglect to effort to "be honest and transparent with your methods and your intentions."    
Rule Nr. 22: Prioritize one rule for a year which has been broken frequently.     
Rule Nr. 23: Do not neglect the effort to plan, but do not get too attached to those plans.    
Rule Nr. 24: Don't promise what you are not confident enough to keep.    
Rule Nr. 25: "Before you speak ask yourself: 'Is it true? Is it kind? Is it necessary? Does it improve upon the silence?'"    
Rule Nr. 32: Do not neglect the effort to abstain from contacting those who do not want to be contacted.    
Rule Nr. 26: Do not neglect the effort to be the hero of in your own story called life.    
Rule Nr. 27: Do not neglect the effort to express attraction unless such act might cause irrersible harm to others.     
Rule Nr. 28: Do not neglect the effort to focus on those actions which are within your control.    
Rule Nr. 29: Do not neglect to effort to weight yourself in once a month.    
Rule Nr. 30: Do not neglect the effort to maintain honorable friendship.    
Rule Nr. 31: "Surround yourself with people who are good for the best part of you".    
Rule Nr. 33: Do not neglect the effort to "organize your own workspace."    
Rule Nr. 34: Pursue whatevery your current approach or approaches what you consider your ultimate art.    
Rule Nr. 35: Do not neglect the effort to search for ways and opportunities to implement an "asylum" to prevent the extinction of humanity.    
Rule Nr. 36: Do not neglect to effort to curate a hydroponic system to maintain independency from specific land.    
Rule Nr. 37: Do not neglect to effort to go for a walk as much as possible.    
Rule Nr. 38: Do not neglect to effort to maintain a daily habit of mental and phyical hygene, such as to meditate or to shower.    
Rule Nr. 39: Do not neglect to effort to grow your capacity for what one might refer to as "grit".    
Rule Nr. 40: Do not neglect the effort to leave one slot for a new rule free, in case, you do not have the resources to integrate it to your list.    
Rule Nr. 41: Do not neglect to effort to keep this slot free according to rule nr. 40.    
Rule Nr. 42: Do not neglect to effort to not have more than 42 rules.    
