One might find oneself having such a realization:   
"I did not know I was a slave until I found out I could not do the things I wanted."   
Those who seek to act upon their own volition might appreciate the following words:
"He who can have patience can have what he will."
Those who seek to understand patience might find a clue in these words:
"Patience is not the ability to wait but the ability to keep a good attitude while waiting."
Those who seek to understand such attitude might appreciate the chapters "joy", "good" and "hope".
One might appreciate another understanding of patience in the following realization:
"Patience is power. Patience is not an absence of action; rather it is 'timing' it waits on the right time to act, for the right principles and in the right way."
Those who seek to understand such timing to act might appreciate these words:
"There is a time to let things happen and a time to make things happen."
Those who seek to make things happen might appreciate these words:
"There is timing in everything. Timing in strategy cannot be mastered without a great deal of practice."   
Those who seek to understand what variable to pay attention to might appreciate these words:
"Timing and accuracy are really what matters at the end of the day."   
Those who seek to start such practice might appreciate the chapter on "originality". Those who seek to understand such timing to let things happen might appreciate these words:  
"One must be able to let things happen."
One might find one reason why the active decision for such permission might be important:
"I am not what happened to me, I am what I choose to become."
Those who seek to understand such a way to act and to be might appreciate the chapter on "preperation". Those who seek to understand such a principle to act might appreciate these words:
"Patience is not passive waiting. Patience is active acceptance of the process required to attain your goals and dreams."   
Some might struggle with a process as following:
"To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly."   
Those who seek to take on such challenge might appreciate the following words of encouragement:   
"Genius is eternal patience."   
Those who aspire to be such an genius who might then be devastated by the idea of not being able to reap the rewards during their life time, might appreciate these words:
"We suffer more often in imagination than in reality."  
Regardless of the definition of what objective reality might be, one might appreciate the following understanding of suffering in such reality:
"Patience means self-suffering."   
Those who seek to understand such self-suffering might appreciate these words:   
"Patience and boredom are closely related. Boredom, a certain kind of boredom, is really impatience. You don’t like the way things are, they aren’t interesting enough for you, so you decide, and boredom is a decision, that you are bored."
Those who struggle with boredom might appreciate the following realization:
"Escape from boredom is one of the really powerful desires of almost all human beings."   
One might appreciate the following warning regarding such desires:   
"Desires make slaves out of kings, and patience makes kings out of slaves."  
One might understand one reason why such desires might enslave in these words:
"The worst thing about slavery is that the slaves eventually get to like it."   
Those who seek to stop escaping from boredom might appreciate these words:
"Boredom is only for boring people with no imagination."
Those who seek such imagination, might appreciate the chapter on "imagination".
Those who did not have the capacity for such imagination, might appreciate the following inspiration:
"The struggle itself towards the heights is enough to fill a man's heart. One must imagine Sisyphus happy."      
Those who seek such heights might appreciate the following advice:
"Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself."   
Those who find themselves in such fear, might appreciate these words:   
"Fear is the memory of pain. Addiction is the memory of pleasure. Freedom is beyond both."   
Those who seek such freedom, might appreciate these words:   
"Pain and suffering are two completely different experiences. Pain is unavoidable. Suffering is self-created."   
Those who seek to accept the fact that "pain is unavoidable", might appreciate these words:    
"You can’t avoid pain in life. It’s how you handle pain, that’s what defines you."   
Those who seek to handle one's own pain, might appreciate these words:    
"You can numb the pain, but that hasn’t erased your problem, it’s just given it time to grow."   
Those who seek to erase one's own problems, might appreciate these words:   
"Sometimes the only way around suffering is to go straight through it."   
Those who seek to go straight through their suffering, might appreciate the following explaination of addiction:
"It's not the drugs that make a drug addict, it's the need to escape reality."   
Those who seek to know what reality one might be escaping unknowingly, might appreciate these words:   
"A wound that goes unacknowledged and unwept is a wound that cannot heal."   
Those who seek to heal might find a clue on how to heal oneself in the following enumeration of their "five love languages":   
1. Those who are tempted to withdraw from those whom they love, might have experienced rejection. Those might appreciate the chapter on "feedback".   
2. Those who become overly dependent on those they love, might have experienced abandonment. Those might appreciate the chapter on "maturity".   
3. Those who become a masochist, might have experienced humiliation. Those might appreciate the chapter on "consciousness".   
4. Those who become controlling, might have experienced betrayal. Those might appreciate the chapter on "loyalty".   
5. Those who become rigit and inflexible, might have experienced injustice. Those might appreciate the chapter on "good".   
Those who struggle to heal on their own might appreciate the following mantra:   
"We are all on the way to Pro."
