One might feel gratitude for being able to find oneself reading the following words:    
"Extinction is the rule. Survival is the exception."    
The reason for the extinction might become apparent in these words:    
"When all choice is taken from you, life becomes a game of survival."    
To figure out the rules of that game of survival, one might appreciate the following realization:    
"The most important factor in survival is neither intelligence nor strength but adaptability."    
To which one might add:    
"Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change."    
This insight might lead to the temptation to desire to become immortal. One might appreciate to consider biological immortality in three types:    
The first one is resistance to environment which a species called Tardigrade excell at.    
The second one is perseverence throught time, which bacterial spores excell at, which can be revived from stasis even after millions of years.    
The third one is maintenance of active metabolism, which Pinus longaeva excell at.    
Even though their remarkable ability all of those species still have the ability to procreate.    
One might appreciate the privilege being naive, to procreate regardless the prospect of the offsprings.    
But there are many species on earth which reduces their reproductive behavior if they recognize the scarecity of resources.    
But so far only humans reduce their reproduction based on abstract concepts such as their projection of the future or their sense of morality, which can be referred as "antinatalism".    
One might call it tolerance to not disturb those who have found their peace of their own mind throught applying antinatalism to their own lives.    
One might then feel the desire to counteract the act of preaching antinatalism to others.    
Since censorship would undermine freedom of speech, without which this very document would not be possible, there is a necessity for preperation of counter arguments to win a debate.    
One might appreciate the following definition for hyprocrisy as in:    
"Hyprocrisy is the audacity to preach integrity from a den of corruption."    
Those who seek to recognize such hypocricy, might appreciate these words:    
"Ostentation is the signal flag of hypocrisy."    
Those who seek to understand why hypocrisy might be ostentatious, might appreciate these words:   
"Hypocrisy can afford to be magnificent in its promises, for never intending to go beyond promise, it costs nothing."   
Those who seek to understand why keeping their promise might be important, might appreciate the chapter on "promise". 
Those who might be confronted with those, who might not be able to deliver on their promise, might appreciate these words:    
"A total absence of self-doubt is the first sign of insanity."   
Those who might then seek to become aware of their own insanity, might appreciate these words:    
"There is only one difference between a madman and myself. The madman thinks he is sane. I know I am mad."     
Those who struggle to recognize their own insanity, might appreciate these words:    
"The end point of rationality is to demonstrate the limits of rationality."    
Those who struggle to demonstrate their own limits of rationality, might appreciate these words:    
"True art is characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist."   
Those who seek to understand such art, might appreciate these words:   
"There is nothing more truly artistic than to love people."    
Those who seek such love, might appreciate these words:   
"Learn to love yourself first, instead of loving the idea of other people loving you."   
Those who seek to learn to love themselves, might appreciate these words:   
"Self-love is not the process of ignoring your flaws. Self-love is expanding your awareness to include your flaws and your strengths."   
Those who seek to understand such flaw, might appreciate these words:   
"Good tests kill flawed theories; we remain alive to guess again."    
Those who seek to create such tests, might appreciate these words:   
"Optimism is a duty. The future is open. It is not predetermined. No one can predict it, except by chance. We all contribute to determining it by what we do. We are all equally responsible for its success."   
Those who seek to understand such responsibility, might appreciate the chapter on "responsibility". Those who struggle to embrace their responsibility, might appreciate these words:   
"For what then matters is to bear witness to the uniquely human potential at its best, which is to transform a personal tragedy into a triumph, to turn one’s predicament into a human achievement."    
Those who seek such triumph, might appreciate these words:    
"Our survival as a species depends on our ability to recognize that our well-being and the well-being of others are in fact one and the same."    
One might then feel the desire to help those who refuse to accept that realization. Those might appreciate the following wisdom:    
"You can't help people that don't want to be helped."    
For the case that those who denied the first offer to help, change their mind and seek help, saying the following mantra compassionately might offer an opportunity to reconsile:    
"We are all on the way to Pro."    
