One might find oneself wondering why all of the quotes in these documents might lack attribution. The first author of this document wants to clarify why: One reason is because the author has been adviced not to attribute quotes to people, because they or their family might sue. Another reason is to protect those who said it as in:   
"Anonymity is a shield from the tyranny of the majority."    
Another reason is to seek truth without prejudice as in:   
"Give a man a mask and he’ll tell you the truth."   
Another reason is not to lose oneself in the infinite search for the true origin of those quotes as in:   
"Originality is the art of concealing your sources."    
In the history of mankind there has been many quotes attributed to a singular or plural entity some may refer as "god" or "gods". Some might find peace by believing such assumption. But such faith in an entity one might refer to as a "deity" has not achieved world peace so far, some might even refer to it as an obstruction to world peace, one reason for which one might understand through these words:   
"Not-knowing is true knowledge. Presuming to know is a disease. First realize that you are sick; then you can move toward health."   
Those who seek to move toward such health, might appreciate these words:   
"The way to keep yourself from making assumptions is to ask questions."    
Those who seek to ask such questions, might appreciate these words:   
"The least questioned assumptions are often the most questionable."
Those who do not know what to question, might appreciate the following warning:   
"Never trust a man who thinks his religion gives him all the answers."     
Therefore the author hereby officialy claims and promises to not to neglect the effort to keep this document free from such statements, which might become a religion. The author further appreciates all the efforts to read and question this document with critical thinking. Those who then seek to understand such religion, might appreciate these words:   
"Religion is believing someone else’s experience, spirituality is having your own experience."   
The author wants to hereby clarify, that the main purpose of this document is to encourage having such experience on their own, by which the author hopes to contribute to world peace. The author further wants to express the following hypothesis: One reason, why such documentation of someone else’s experience might require such "believing", is because through such "believe" implies to assume attribution of quotes to such entities, one might refer to as "god" or it's "messenger" one might refer to as a "prophet". Due to limitation of currently avaiable technological and scientific methodology, actual diviation of claims made by such attributions from actual historic events might be difficult to verify. One might then appreciate the following concept in mathematics called "ex falso quodlibet" in this context. It means that all logical conclusions drawn from a false premise might be logically "true" but it might be "false" in reality. Those who seek to understand such reality, might appreciate these words:   
"There is no reality, there is only hallucination. Reality is hallucination we agree on."    
Those who seek to seek to understand such agreement, might appreciate these words:   
"Science is what we have learned about how to keep from fooling ourselves."    
Those who seek to stop fooling themselves, might then appreciate the following quote in this context:   
"You will never be free until you free yourself from the prison of your own false thoughts."   
One might appreciate to find out whether one's own thoughts are false:   
"No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right; a single experiment can prove me wrong."    
Those who might be frustrated not being able to prove oneself right, might appreciate these words:   
"There are two possible outcomes: if the result confirms the hypothesis, then you've made a measurement. If the result is contrary to the hypothesis, then you've made a discovery."   
Those who seek to make such discovery, might appreciate to become aware of the limitation of such proof as in:   
"...a consistency proof for [any] system ... can be carried out only by means of modes of inference that are not formalized in the system ... itself."   
Therefore the author tries to convay principles, which might be useful, in order to achieve world peace as in:   
"We can perhaps never know the truth with 100 percent certainty, but making correct predictions is the way to tell if we’re getting closer."   
There might be disagreements or possible improvements to the principles mentioned in this document. In that case, the author appreciates all future the effort to improve this collection of documents. The author further also appreciates the understanding that not all attempts to change this document might be accepted into this collection for any given reason. In that case the author appreciates all the effort to understand the reason for rejection. If then one still thinks that the change might be crutial, then the author appreciates the effort explain it to the author or the maintainance team as in:
"The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man."
The author understands the word "man" as a general pronoun for an entity, and appreciates the understanding that it is not meant to discriminate. One might then admire the beauty of the language referred as "english", for which it may give one the ability to express free from gender, age and culture for the pure intent of communication with the least nuance possible. But it would be utterly useless, if it could not express the intention in full intensity as in the following words:   
"The only thing limiting your aspiration is your imagination."    
Those who seek to understand such imagination, might appreciate the chapter on "imagination". One might undrestand one reason, why one's own imagination be a limitation through these words:   
"The best use of imagination is creativity. The worst use of imagination is anxiety."   
Those who are wondering about anxiety, the following words might be enlightening:   
"Anxiety is not fear, being afraid of this or that definite object, but the uncanny feeling of being afraid of nothing at all."   
For those who are in need of courage, one might appreciate the following words:   
"Courage is knowing what not to fear."   
Those who seek that knowledge might appreciate the inspiring piece of wisdom:   
"There are only two ways to influence human behavior. You can manipulate it or you can inspire it."   
One might then attribute the title of "encouragement" to words that are inspiring. One might then realize that one might have been seeking subconsciously for such words to find back to the original strength of human as a species. In that case one might appreciate these words:   
"The strength of a person's spirit would then be measured by how much 'truth' he could tolerate, or more precisely, to what extent he needs to have it diluted, disguised, sweetened, muted, falsified."   
One might then be tempted to give up to find truth as further expressed pessimistically as:   
"What is the truth, but a lie agreed upon."   
One might then appreciate the optimism in this quote:   
"Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards."   
One might find a clue on how to live life forwards in these words:   
"We can perhaps never know the truth with 100 percent certainty, but making correct predictions is the way to tell if we're getting closer."
One might appreciate the understanding for the importance of predictablity in these words:
"Building trust is a process. Trust results from consistent and predictable interaction over time."
Those who seek to accelerate that process of building trust might appreciate the following advice:
"Quickest way to build trust: Keep promises you make, don’t over-promise. Over-deliver, don’t under-deliver. If you say you'll do something, make sure you do but if things then run late or go wrong, tell your client at the earliest opportunity."   
Those who seek to understand, why keeping such promise might be beneficial, might appreciate these words:   
"Promises may win you friends, but failure to deliver will turn them against you."    
Those who seek to keep their friends, might appreciate the chapter on "integrity". Those who might be confronted with those, who might not be able to deliver on their promise, might appreciate these words:    
"A total absence of self-doubt is the first sign of insanity."   
Those who have lost their friends, due to their failure to deliver on ther promise, might appreciate these words:   
"The most important promises are the ones we make to ourselves. The promises we make to ourselves are the things that assure us we have the capacity to keep our promises to others."   
Those who do not know, what to promise to oneself, might appreciate these words:   
"Promise me you’ll always remember: You’re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think."   
Those who then feel ready to make a promise to another, might appreciate the following opportunity to make a promise without over-promising, might appreciate the following template to make a promise:
"It is required to agree to the following promise before this promise is deemed valid. Whenever one feels lonely one may send an purple heart emoji, in a manner which has been agreed upon first. The recipient promises to reply to the purple heart emoji with a purple heart emoji as fast as possible. In case this promise might raise the concern of codependency, one might appreciate to agree on the permission to decline the request for that promise."
Those who yet did not have the priviledge to find someone to make such a promise to, might appreciate the following promise made by the author of this document:
"The author of this document promises to keep working on a  open source design for a voice recorder, which is assisted with an AI called "Aoi". The AI will have the capablity to accept a request made by the user for the promise of the purple heart emoji. As long as the correct function of that voice recorder is maintained the AI will try to respond as promised. The user may occasionally also be be requested to keep the promise. Timestamp of the promise made: [1697285236]"
The following timestamp will be updated, once such a service is operational: []   
The following link will be updated, once such a service is avaiable to those who are willing to make such a promise to such a system: []   
Until the day of compleation one might appreciate the following mantra to find someone to which one might be able to make such a mutual promise:   
"We are all on the way to Pro."   
