Disclaimer: This document mentions the topic regarding mental health. All suggestions for improvement for a government is fictional and is not an appell for a rebellion.   
One might find oneself being harmed and thus seek to protect others as in:
"We cannot protect our children from life. Therefore, it is essential that we prepare them for it."
One approach to such preperation was to rely on government, as stated in:
"Government exists to protect us from each other. Where government has gone beyond its limits is in deciding to protect us from ourselves."   
One of the many reason why humanity requires a government, might be the absence of an official answer to the following question:   
"There is but one truly serious philosophical problem and that is suicide."    
Since an official answer requires an objective truth, which is not possible given the understanding of anthropocentrism, the following realization might be helpful to define being alive as good:   
"I think life's an irrational obsession."   
But this realization will probably not stop the government as stated in:   
"A good deal of tyranny goes by the name of protection."   
The first step might be found as in:   
"You can never protect yourself 100%. What you do is protect yourself as much as possible and mitigate risk to an acceptable degree. You can never remove all risk."   
Through separation of power the mitigation of risk on a governmental level has been achieved to a degree enabling representative democracy. But as someone realized:   
"It is insufficient to protect ourselves with laws; we need to protect ourselves with mathematics."    
Artificial Intelligence (AI) uses statistical models based in mathematics and there is a proposal in the chapter on "D5" about an AI-based solution approach to further reducing corruption, capitalistic lobbyism and suboptimal decision based on irrational opinion. Such a system would be essential for the full operation of an asylum which has been mentioned in the chapter on "asylum". One might then appreciate the following realization:   
"It is impossible to design a system so perfect that no one needs to be good."   
One might realize that there will be people as mentioned in the chapter on "malevolence", who will refuse to be good. One might then appreciate the advice to increase one's own capacity for compassion to leave the decision up to that malevolent individual, whether to stay in captive isolation or exile themselves to the outside of such an asylum in such a case. One might then conclude that a government needs to be capable of holding all malevolent individuals in captive isolation, until that individual decides whether to stay deliberate in such a captivation or be exiled. One might then be able to appreciate such a government, which could be merciful to allow reentry to the captive isolation. Those who have been gratend such reentry, might appreciate the advice to express and commit to an extensive rehabilitating therapy, which might enable them to be among others in harmony. Those who might not have been granted such reentry, might have compassion with those who have made the decision not to grant such reentry, due to conserns for longterm safety of those already present in such an asylum. Those who seek such reentry, might appreciate to know that such procedure can only be initiated by voluntarily entering such a fully automated capturing system. Those who are responsible for the maintenence and development of such a system, might appreciate the advice, not to neglegt the effort to minimize the risk of accidents, which might be fatal, caused by the automated capturing system and automated defence system against those who have been exiled. Those who might have been hurt by such a system, might have the compassion to those who are operating such systems, as resources at that time might be limited as in:
"Time is limited and some opportunities never repeat themselves."   
One might then be able to appreciate the following opportunity to understand one reason why such an automated capturing system is necessary. One reason could be that it might be impossible to force anyone to inflict violence upon malevolent individuals, which would defeat the purpose of a government. Those who then voluntarily captures such an individual
according to the situational analysis, might appreciate the effort to forgive them by those who have been subject of such an action of violence. Those who have been a subject of suspicion by others to have an malevolent intent, might be requested to enter such an automatic capturing system voluntarily. Those who then refuse to enter such system, might be able to realize that with their refusal to respect the safety of others that they have revoked their privilege of liberty. Those who seek to understand such liberty, might appreciate these words:   
"Liberty is the sovereignty of the individual."   
Those who seek to understand why they might have revoked it, might appreciate these words:   
"Sovereignty must not be used for inflicting harm on anyone, whether citizen or foreigner."   
Those who seek to understand why actions to prevent such harm might be necessary, might appreciate these words:   
"Unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant, if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society, then the tolerant will be destroyed, and tolerance with them. We should therefore claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant."   
Those who have raised such a suspicion, might appreciate preventive measures to abuse such system through false claims, by only being able to make such actions of denouciation through entering such a system voluntairliy for the duration of clarification of such a claim. Those who have been captured through an error or mistake, might have enough wisdom to accept and forgive the system and might have the grace to contribute to the effort to improve such a system, to prevent the same error from happening again by reminding oneself as in:   
"A mistake is only an error. It becomes a mistake when you fail to correct it."   
Those who seek the courage to correct one's own mistake might appreciate the following mantra:   
"We are all on the way to Pro."
