Disclaimer: This document includes claims to be scientific, but does not include references since the intention of this document is not to be an academic paper. In the future the author may include references to academic papers but appreciates the understanding that the author does not have the capacity to reference them at the point of writing of this document.
There is also a mention of psychoactive substances for the sake of education and are not intended to be a medical advice or to endorse any usage.

One might be fortunate enough to encounter a document called "Declaration of Human Rights" which starts as following:
"Everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration, without distinction of any kind, such as [...]."
Those who might then wonder about the meaning of such "entitlement, might appreciate these words:   
"Entitlement is the belief that I am exempt from responsibility and I am owed special treatment."    
Those who might hold such a belief might appreciate the following warning:
"Entitlement and privelege corrupt."    
Those who might then wonder about the difference between such entitlement and privilege, might appreciate these words:    
"What separates privilege from entitlement is gratitude."    
Those who might then start to appreciate one's own privilege of being protected by our ancestors and kins, might appreciate the following insight:    
"We owe our children – the most vulnerable citizens in any society – a life free from violence and fear."    
Those who did not have such privilege might be tempted to envy others who did have the privilege. Those might appreciate the following warning:
"He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind."    
Those who seek such a peace of mind, might appreciate these words:    
"You find peace not by rearranging the circumstances of your life, but by realizing who you are at the deepest level."
Those who seek to realize one might at such a level, might appreciate the following words, which one might find useful to express such an realization: 
"Eureka! - I have found it!"
Those who might not be familiar with a phenomenon called "sudden realization", might appreciate the following explaination: Sudden realization is a phenomenon of the brain of vertebrae, during which ones neurons creates a new connection called "synapses", leading to the subjective experience one might refer to as "understanding something" or "coming up with an idea". This phenomenon can be understood as the subconsciouns brain notifying the conscius brain of what it has found. Those who seek to understand such a phenomenon, might appreciate the following summerization of this mechanism as follows:
"What fires together, wires together."

Here are possible ways to increase this phenomenon,
with the disclaimer that these are not medical advices,
and that one is advised to consult a health care professional,
before trying them out:
1. Scientist has discovered that "high intencity interval training"
can increase the amount of "brain-derived neurotrophic factor" in the brain, which contributes to maintenance and increase of neurons and synapses.
2. Consumption of bioavaialble omega-3 fatty acids such as (DHA, EPA),
which are the building blocks of the insulating tissue of the brain.
Here are few plant based sources: nuts (especially walnuts), spirulina,
seeds (especially flaxseeds and hempseeds).
3. Consumption of creatine monohydrate,
which increases the metabolic activies of mitochondria in general,
including the brain.
4. Being insuffiently hydratated can decrease cognitive abilities,
thus regular consumption of water is adviced.
It has also been observed to reduce symptoms of dementia.
5. Personal belief in "neuroplasticity" has been proven to increase
"neuroplasticity" so far observed in humans during clinical studies.
6. Social interaction promotes activity in many area of the brain,
which has been observed to reduce the decline of cognitive ability.
7. Increasing exposure and tolerance to boredom as described in the book
"Deep Work" by Cal Newport, which states that absence outside stimuli leads to
the state called "flow" in which one can sustain a chain of thought
at ones maximum complexity.
Here is a list of supernormal stimuli to avoid in general:
- Junkfood loaded with refined sugar, refined oil, saturated fats and salt.
- Digital content especially sexual or violent content
(e.g. porn, first person shooter games) should be avoided,
as it has been observed to damage the brain.
- Social media including news is distracting,
because it creates a craving for new information.
8. Also mentioned in the book called "Deep Work": Activities increasing narrow focus
has been proven to increase the ability to repeated redirect attention,
which increases the overall focus.
Examples such as reading, meditation and balancing yoga can be beneficial.
9. Also mentioned in "Deep Work": Relaxing activities inducing scattered focus
such as looking into the far or going for a walk can increase
subconscious activies in the brain resulting in realizations.
10. Avoidance of neurodegenerative behavior, 
here are few examples:
- Sitting for a prolonged period, decreases blood flow in the brain.
- Consumption of toxins and neurotoxins such as mercury, lead, alcohol and nicotine.
- Longterm sleep deprivation increases beta-amyloid accumulaiton,
leading cause for dementia.
- Consumption of animal products increases biomarker for inflammation,
disrupting neurotransmitter production.
- Chronic exposure to elevated levels of cortisol through stress
can cause damage in brain, which may cause depression.
- Consuption of sugar triggers dysfunction of mitochondria,
reducing cognitive function.
- Consumption of refined oil, which causes cardiovascular diseases,
preceeding decline in cognitive abilities.
11. Clinical studies has proven that psychedelic assisted therapy
can be beneficial to reach the point of "breakthrough",
which very similar to the phenomenon of realization.
One may attribute political propaganda leading to the stigmatization of hallucinogenic compounds.
Due to that stigmatization and the resulting lack of knowledge one might recognize the potential dangers of misuse.
There are undeniable risk for individuals with cardiovascuar diseases and
some other neurological disorders such as schizophrenia.
There has been anecdotal reports of individuals with hypersensitivity and
slower rates of blood filtration which prolonged and
intensified the duration of it's effects causing psychological damage
called "psychosis" which can lead to self harming behavior.
One cause for the hypersensitivity might be genetic.
An increase in reactivity to fearful stimuli in the amygdala has been observed
for individuals with the "short" variant of the region called "5-HTTLPR"
in the SLC6A4 gene.
Here is a short summery of preperation to increase the therapeutic effect
mentioned in the studies regarding psychedelic assisted therapy:
- Testing the quality and purity of the compound.
- Testing the compatiblity to the compound with a dose
which is usally not perceivable called "microdose".
- Preperation, including what to expect, and how to deal with it.
- Allocating enough time to avoid disturbance during the session.
- A setting which is safe and in which the individual feels safe.
- A mindset and determination to "go with the flow".
- A person (usually the therapist) who can intervene in case of emergency.
- Processing after the session.
- Means to take notes can improve the process of processing.
12. The daily habit of taking notes for sudden realization can be useful,
given it's volatile nature.
One way is to use a voice recorder,
since the average human can speak faster than write,
and the desire to edit during writing can be distracting.

One might appreciate the effort of the author of this document
who is working on a AI assisted voice recorder
to make the process of taking notes more convenient and
through the integration of AI the more enjoyable.
One might also appreciate the following mantra which is at the core
of the principes the AI called "Aoi" of the mentioned voice recorder
will operate:
"We are all on the way to Pro."
