Someone once said:
"Understand me. I'm not like an ordinary world. I have my madness, I live in another dimension and 
I do not have time for things that have no soul."
One thus may ponder what that entity called "soul" may be.
It is so far immeasurable with the state of the art scientific equipment.
Since science is based in falsification, it is impossible to prove the existence of a soul. So the only scientific method which is applicable to soul is to falsify its existence.
Such attempt might be furtile because it might have failed because of insufficient means.
One might appreciate those who keep devoting their efforts trying to falsify the existence of a soul with scientific methods inspire of its furtile nature without harming any living beings.
Those who seeks to contribute to such scienece might appreciate the scientific discovery that mindful activities such as meditation might increase one's own cognitive ability which might be useful to contribute to science.
Other activities known to increase cognitive abilities are activities which requires balance,
such as bouldering, surfing or slacklining.
Those who do not have the privilege to pursue such science nor the desire to contribute might find blissful distraction in fictional scriptures which might prevent causing harm to living beings.
Those who seek such fictional scriptures might appreciate the rest of this chapter:
One might realize to appreciate one's own freedom to describe "soul" as in:
"Your core values are the deeply held beliefs that authentically describe your soul."
One might appreciate the following advice to find an authentic description of one's own soul: 
"Soul is about finding the things in your life that are real and pure."
Those who has not found what they may claim as "pure" might appreciate the following words:
"Beauty is the purest feeling of the soul. Beauty arises when soul is satisfied."
Those who wonder what may satisfy one's soul might appreciate the following realization:
"The purest form of listening is to listen without memory or desire."
One might find appreciation fo the clarity in these words:
"The difference between hearing and listening is paying attention."
One may then appreciate the following words:
"Paying attention is the most basic and profound expression of love."
Those who seek such expression of love might appreciate the following words:
"To say that one waits a lifetime for his soulmate to come around is a paradox. People eventually get sick of waiting, take a chance on someone, and by the art of commitment become soulmates, which takes a lifetime to perfect."
Those who seek to become a soulmate for someone might appreciate these words:
"People think a soulmate is your perfect fit, and that’s what everyone wants. But a true soulmate is a mirror, the person who shows you everything that is holding you back, the person who brings you to your own attention so you can change your life."
Those who seek to recognize such being might appreciate these words:
"A soulmate is someone whom, when you meet, without thinking, without letting your neocortex play into the decision; you feel an instant familiarity, a sense of connection, a longing."
Those who seek to find out whether that connection is mutual might appreciate these words:
"We recognize a soulmate by the supreme level of comfort and security we feel with that person. That doesn’t mean that there aren’t issues that remain to be ironed out. Rather, it means we know intuitively that we can resolve issues with our soul mate without losing his or her love and respect."
One might then appreciate the clarity of the following definition:
"A soul mate is someone whose way of viewing life is not necessarily the same as yours but complements yours. There is not a compromise, there is a complement."
Those who seek encounter someone might complement oneself, might appreciate these words:
"We meet our soulmates when we’re on our soul path.
One might find such a path by saying the following mantra:
"We are all on the way to Pro."

