One might find oneself having a bad day as in:   
"All it takes is one bad day to reduce the sanest man alive to lunacy."   
Those who struggle with such a bad day might appreciate these words:   
"Turn really bad days into really good data."   
Those who seek to understand what such data might be, might appreciate these words:   
"Information is just bits of data. Knowledge is putting them together. Wisdom is transcending them."   
After that quote one might appreciate the following insight on the value of putting information together:   
"The whole is greater than the sum of its parts."   
One might appreciate the following warning while searching for such wisdom:   
"Be aware of unearned wisdom."   
One aspect of the reason to why that author might have wanted to warn, might revieal in the follwing quote:   
"The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom."    
As one once said:   
"Knowledge becomes wisdom only after it has been put to good use."   
One might appreciate the following piece of wisdom:   
"Avoid people who say they know the answer. Keep the company of people who are trying to understand the question."    
The first schools originating in ancient Greece inspired to pursue ones curiosity, but through standartization of tests modern schools became more of a sieve for obedience.   
As one once said:   
"Art has the role in education of helping children become like themselves instead of more like everyone else."    
One might have already understood the problem:    
"All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist one he grows up."   
One might see a solution approach to that problem as in:   
"The ultimate question for a responsible man to ask is not how he is to extricate himself heroically from the affair, but how the coming generation is going to live."   
Those who are concerned with the upbringing of such a generation, might appreciate the following thought:
"Religion attacks us in our deepest integrity by saying we wouldn't be a able to make a moral decision without it."    
Those who seek to make moral decisions without compromising the integrity of their own mind, might appreciate these words:    
"Religion is for people who’re afraid of going to hell. Spirituality is for those who’ve already been there."    
Those who seek to understand such hell, might appreciate these words:   
"Hell is not fire and brimstone, not a place where you are punished for lying or cheating or stealing. Hell is wanting to be something and somewhere different from where you are."     
Those who are struggling in such hell, might appreciate these words:    
"You can make hell out of heaven and heaven out of hell. It’s all in the mind."    
Those who seek to make heaven out of hell, might appreciate these words: 
"Spirituality is an awareness of the sacred beyond what we can see."     
Those who seek to understand which one might refer to as sacred, might appreciate these words:   
"Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind." 
Those who seek to restore their integrity of their own mind, might appreciate these words:    
"Enlightenment is man's emergence from his self-incurred immaturity."   
Those who seek such emergence, might appreciate these words:   
"Maturity is having the courage to use one's own intelligence."   
As someone already pointed out:   
"Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change."   
The biggest change one can refuse is to knowledge as stated in:   
"True ignorance is not the absence of knowledge, but the refusal to acquire it."   
Those who seek to aquire knowledge might appreciate the following words:   
"Transcendence means going beyond duality. Attachment means remaining within duality."   
One might see a clue for transcendence in the following realization:   
"Only in love are unity and duality not in conflict."   
The word "love" can be understood in many different ways. Those who are overwhelmed by the diversity of meaning might appreciate this realization:   
"To define is to limit."   
Those who seek to overcome one's own limitation might appreciate these words:   
"Love is the most powerful force in the world, transcending all limits and boundaries."   
As long as everyone remains the freedom of defining it for oneself it would not end in censorship.   [UPDATE]
Those who still seek a definition to agree to with consent might appreciate the following definition:   
"Love is the wish to give, not to receive, something."   
Those who do not know what to give might appreciate these words:   
"The most desired gift of love is not diamonds or chocolate. It is focused attention."   
One might appreciate the advice on how to implement love:   
"The first duty of love is to listen."   
Once one is able to fulfill that first duty of love, one might be able to find all the "four elements of true love" mentioned in the concept called "Zen":
1. "Meinhu": Brotherhood love (discover the need of others = understanding)   
2. "Karuna": Compassionate love (try helping their suffering)   
3. "Mudita": Joyful love (enjoy together, effort to offer joy in times of need)   
Those who seek to understand such joyful love, might appreciate these words:    
"We may admire people for being wise, but we like them best when they are foolish."    
4. "Upeksha": Non discriminatory love (Inclusive and calm love)   
After one has gained the ability to recognize the elements of true love, one might appreciate the warning not to love blindly:   
"Love is giving someone the power to completely destroy you, and hoping that they won’t."   
Once one has recognized destructive tendencies, one might find strength in these words to save oneself:
"You never stop loving someone. You just learn to live without them."    
One might appreciate the compassion in these words in such a situation:   
"The most painful state of being is remembering the future, particularly the one you'll never have."   
Those who are in that painful state might appreciate these words:   
"In every moment you have the choice to be a victim or a creator."   
One might appreciate the encouragement, who chose to be a creator:   
"There is nothing more truly artistic than to love people."   
One might appreciate the following understanding of art:   
"Art is to console those who are broken by life."   
One might appreciate another understanding of art:   
"Art is a form of love. Art is the ultimate gift. Art heals life."   
Those who seek to heal oneself might appreciate the following realization:   
"Healing yourself is connected with healing others."   
In order to heal others and oneself one might appreciate the theory for an healthy relationship:   
1. Passion   
One might appreciate the following warning regarding passion:   
"Passion makes idiots of the cleverest men, and makes the biggest idiots clever."   
2. Intimacy   
Those who seek such intimacy, might appreciate these words:   
"Intimacy is being seen and known as the person you truely are."    
3. Commitment   
Those who seek such commitment, might appreciate the chapter on integrity.   
There is another modern approach, which is similar yet different, describing four stages of a relationship:   
1. Admiration (Unrequited love)   
Those who seek to understand why one might feel such admiration, might appreciate these words:   
"It is the rooted instinct in men to admire what is better and more beautiful than themselves."   
Those who seek such admiration might appreciate these words:   
"The quality of wit inspires more admiration than confidence."     
2. Mutual attraction (Not only limited to Eros, but also other qualties such as their intellect, humor, etc.)   
Those who seek such mutual attraction, might appreciate the following warning:   
"It is impossible to love someone you do not respect, but there can be mutual attraction without mutual respect."   
3. Commitment (label of exclusive relationship, marriage, having or raising children)   
Those who seek to understand why such a commitment might be integral, might appreciate these words:    
"Commitment is what transforms a promise into reality."    
4. Compatibility (The unnegotiable things are not a burden to each other.)   
Those who seek such compatibility, might appreciate these words:    
"Compatibility doesn't determine the fate of a marriage, how you deal with the incompatibilities, does."    
One might then realize that there are other forms of love, as described by ancient philosophers distinguishing six forms of love.     
The 3 well known distictions of love:   
1. Eros = Romantic love   
2. Philia = Friendly love   
3. Agape = Unconditional love   
But there are also lesser known forms of love:   
4. Philautia = Self love   
5. Xenia = Guest love   
6. Storge = Familial love   
One might feel overwhelmed by all the theory about love and might be longing for simplicity as in:   
"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication."   
Those might appreciate the simplicity in these words:   
"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage."   
One might appreciate the understanding of courage:   
"Courage is not the absence of fear. It is the decision to move forward in spite of that fear."   
Someone already realized that this courage is necessary as expressed in the following quote:   
"A strong relationship requires choosing to love each other even in those moments when you struggle to like each other."
Someone realized that such choice might often not be voluntary:   
"Infantile love follows the principle: 'I love because I am loved.'    
Mature love follows the principe 'I am loved because I love'   
Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.'    
Mature love says: I need you because I love you."    
One might appreciate the following categorization into four types of attachment styles observed in infants which has been developed further over the years. There are more fine grained distinction, but one might appreciate this more simplified version:
1. secure attachment: Stays stable even during tough times.
2. anxious attachment: During tough times seeking more validation.
3. avoidant attachment: During tough times seeking more alone time.
4. anxious and avoidant attachment: Behaves avoidant, but internally seeking for connection.
To those who secretly seek for connection and are in need for clarity regarding whether someone loves oneself, but is indecisive whether the other is ready for a confrontation, the following words might be helpful:    
"Truth without love is brutality, and love without truth is hypocrisy."   
If one is hurting oneself through unrequited love through exploitation, it would be advisable to confront for self love. If one thinks one has recognized all the elements of true love for the other, one need to understand, that one lacks the understanding, whether the confrontation is helping the other as stated in:   
"The highest form of love is consideration."   
One might then appreciate the considerate advice:   
"Generosity is not only about money. There is more than one currency. Let your generosity be pervasive in life."   
Those who wonder what currency to give might find inspiration in these words:   
"Attention is the most important currency that anybody can give you. It’s worth more than money, possession, or things."   
One might appreciate the following warning:   
"If you don’t pay appropriate attention to what has your attention, it will take more of your attention than it deserves."   
Those who are not aware what has their attention might appreciate the following advice:   
"The love and attention you always thought you wanted from someone else is the love and attention you first need to give to yourself."    
Those who feel a sensation of abundance after one has focused on oneself might appreciate these words:   
"Self-actualization cannot be attained, if it is made an end in itself, but only as a side effect of self-transcendence."   
Those who seek to transcend oneself might appreciate the following realization:    
"People who seek attention, need all the help they can get."   
One might find and offer help by saying:   
"We are all on the way to Pro."
