Disclaimer: This document includes the topic of war and mental health which might be triggering.   

One might find oneself confronted with such harmful philosophy as following:   
"Those who lack the courage will always find a philosophy to justify it."   
Those who seek such courage, might then appreciate these words:   
"It takes courage to live through suffering; and it takes honesty to observe it."     
Those who have lived through such suffering, might appreciate the following clarifying idea, which is to first redefine "art" as "something which inspires oneself to keep on living voluntarily" as inspired from these words:    
"The literal meaning of life is whatever you’re doing that prevents you from killing yourself."   
One might then realize that such "meaning" might not prevent behaviors which might cause intentional, non-consensual and lethal harm to beings which might be capable of understanding and expressing their understanding of such "meaning". Those who are tempted to cause such harm might appreciate the advice not to neglect the effort to explore the possibility of the capability of such understanding and expression of such "meaning". Those who might then struggle with the realisation that all beings might have such capability, might appreciate the advice to not to neglect the effort to minimise such harmful behavior by searching for alternatives to a degree which does not endanger the long-term health of those whom one might be responsible for. Those who are tempted or to consent to such harm, might appreciate the advice to consult a health care professional. Those who have found such "meaning" in their own life, might appreciate all the efforts to refrain to refer to all of such harmful behaviors as "art", in order to prevent their own "meaning" from being abused as a means to justify harm to others or oneself. Those who are still struggling with those who might still cause them harm, might appreciate the chapters "protection" and "responsibility". Those who then seek to understand the nature of such art, might appreciate these words:   
"Art has no end but its own perfection."    
Those who seek to pursue such art, might appreciate the following definition of the "ultimate" art as following:   
"One might refer to the act of helping others or oneself with a particular skill as 'the ultimate art'."   
One might appreciate the priviledge to admire one's own "ultimate" art in every day life, which is the most effortless action done in the state called "flow", which has required diligence and dedication to improve. Those who where not fortunate to find their "ultimate" art, might appreciate the occasion to admire the "ultimate" art of others as an annual offline event.   
The event "The Ultimate Art" will be displaying a video collage of the "ultimate" art of artists, who voluntarily submitted a minimal report of the progress they have made. The video should either contain the final few moments of compleation the artwork and the following smug in joy of archievement, the skill one has worked on to improve or any avaiable documentation of the artwork. It is not a essencial requirement, but the effort to say the following mantra at the end will be appreciated: "We are all on the way to Pro."   
The author of this document appreciates the understanding that there might be many reasons, why a submission might not be shown in the final stream will be appreciated. After the first display the follwing timestamp will be upated: [1725559200]   
Those who seek to participate to such an event might appreciate the information on the following address:   
[Todo: Add link]
