One might find oneself suffering from their attachment to individuality as in:    
"But as long as one continues to use one's misfortune to one's advantage in order to be 'special', one will always need that misfortune."    
Those who are still in need of attachment to their misfortune, might be fortunate enough to find such fellow individuals along that path who might be able to empathize as in:   
"Shared joy is double joy; shared sorrow is half sorrow."   
Those who might still feel a sense of alienation, regardless wether one's sorrows have been reduced or not, might still feel a sense of alienation as in:
"Distance isn't the amount of miles between us, it's the amount of things we don't say to each other."    
Those who might then seek to reduce such a sense of alienation, might appreciate these words:   
"Unity does not mean sameness. It means oneness of purpose."   
One might appreciate to know one reason one might confuse unity with sameness is because sameness could be rephrased as "uniformity" which sounds similar. Those who then wonder what such purpose could be might appreciate these words:   
"Unity without the gospel is a worthless unity."   
One might appreciate one reason why that might be in these words:
"Unity, to be real, must stand the severest strain without breaking."
There has been attempts of numerous "religous gospels" which all claim to seek unity but has yet not achieved unite, especially with those who claim to be rational. There has been further efforts by those who claim to be rational with "scientific gospel", which has also yet to achieve unity with those who they might refer to as "irrational". Some might be wise enough to recognize one's own limitation of rationality as in:   
"I think life’s an irrational obsession."   
One might then be able to appreciate the idea that the mentioned "oneness of purpose" could be to "love". Those who seek to understand "love" might appreciate the chapter "transcendence". Those who seek to understand such "irrational obsession" might appreciate the chapter "mission". One might then remember that forcing such definition upon others might encounter resistance and cause discord. One might then realize that one needs to realize that such definition might be good for oneself on their own. Those who seek to realize such insight might appreciate the chapter "realization". Those who seek to understand what good might be, might appreciate the chapters "good", "malevolence" and "needs".   
Those who seek to understand unity but yet struggle to give up on whatever one might be attached to give that sense of identity appreciate these words:   
"You can’t have unity without diversity."   
Those who seek to understand diversity might appreciate these words:   
"Diversity is not about how we differ. Diversity is about embracing one another's uniqueness."
Those who seek such uniqueness might appreciate the chapter on "originality" and "genius". Those who seek to embrace one another's uniqueness might appreciate these words:
"Diversity: the art of thinking independently together."   
Those who seek to understand independence might appreciate the chapter "responsiblity". Those who seek to think might appreciate the chapter "hero". Those who seek to be together might appreciate these words:
"Inclusion is the celebration of diversity put into action."   
Those who seek such a way to act might appreciate these words:   
"Inclusion is not tolerance it is unquestioned acceptance."   
Those who are vulnable of their own naivity might appreciate the chapters "integrity", "loyalty", "maturity" and "normal" first. Those seek such unquestioned acceptance of others, but yet struggle to accept others might appreciate these words:   
"We don’t heal in isolation, but in community."   
One might understand one reason why that is in these words:   
"Emotional connection is crucial to healing. In fact, trauma experts overwhelmingly agree that the best predictor of the impact of any trauma is not the severity of the event, but whether we can seek and take comfort from others."   
Those who are hesitant to seek and take such comfort from others might appreciate the words:   
"People are afraid to heal because their entire identity is centered around the trauma they’ve experienced. They have no idea who they are outside of trauma and that unknown is terrifying."   
Some might struggle to confront such unknown as in:   
"Overexplaining is a trauma response."   
Those might appreciate the following advice:   
"Don’t explain your philosophy. Embody it."   
Those who seek to embody such a philosophy might appreciate the following mantra:   
"We might be all on the way to Pro."
