Genius Lamp (play on word on Gienies lamp, fulfilling the deep desire of humans to be, maintain and improve productive seemingly effortlessly.
Inspired by: https://youtu.be/IlU-zDU6aQ0
At:  Desktop lamp robot connecting habit conditioning with time management techniques to archive greater productivity.

BOM: 
- Foldable Desktop Document scanner with light
- A NUC or small linux computer with internet access
- A speaker and microphone, such as a conference speaker
- Buttons 
	Function 1: Record question as video with the document scanner.
	Function 2: Call a tutor, with the admin access to the Genius lamp
	Function 3: Ask (local) AI with MCP functionality, such as calender, and googling (not to get distracted)
	Function 4: Tell bedtime story
	Function 5: Scan document and send as mail to the user.
	Function 6: Customizable button
	Function 7: Play brown noise for focus
- HDMI Screen, for the tutor to use as canvas, or to display face of AI or as immediate response of recording and adjusting the camera.


To illuminatey enlighten and brighten your future.
Fighting bravely alongside in this lonely world surving long sitting time and the temptations of distraction.

ADHD tech, focus tech, improvement tech
Empower tech, actualization tech, 

- RGBW led + warm/cald led, internet connected with esp32, rotary encoder, display (led/TFT), ideally stainless steel but probably aluminum or 3d printed
1) dial what you will productively do
2) press rotary encoder to turn the lamp on
3) after a time box, lamp turns off, you choose what to do to relax or strait go to next session
4) clockwise productive options, counterclockwise relaxing 
5) display the distribution on the scoreboards
6) with Longpress, there will be options for sleep school work button to stop timer (or extra dial)
7) task mode can be activated through a separate switch
8) the order of task options will be sorted according to priority by Eisenhower and Kenny (3 prio categories: A (urgent + important = task), B (important but long-term, deep work) and Rest & Reward (social, entertainment, food, hobby) ) pause will have still the same mechanism
9) in task mode it asks the user at the end or if interrupted by the user if the task is finished, so it can mark the Todo as done 
10) there is a led ring consisting of 16 leds showing the time distribution of each priority categories.
11) details, options and priorities can be edited through app, or web app or chat bot
12) there is a web based scoreboard which you can configure as kiosk
13) the task mode switch is a switch between prio A tasks based on time boxing and prio B tasks based on stopwatch to extend the focus length
14) this lamp is portable  and foldable in version 2
15) this lamp can programmed to light up at a specific time to wake you up and stops the time until you are ready for the first input, so that you don't waste time. Closing the lamp to be transported can be tagged later to mark from the non tracking time options.
16) fixed time to tackle procrastination, how to options qualify for this? Recognize? Chatbot?
17) battery is just an addon, with authenticator, because it can include sensitive data. And maybe mobile internet?
18) it will interrupt pause every configured minutes, so that you don't distract yourself
19) maybe host the whole thing on a raspberry pi locally?
20) batching for at the end of the day
21) diffence is, it is now tracking, you can schedule but don't have to.
22) customize flow of the day, week, month
23) first implement chatbot, and the lamp is using the chatbot interface?
24) you can #log remarks to the chat bot and it will add to the current time box
25) you can #batch spontaneous thoughts
26) Button that I was distracted
27) button to speak into, without calling voice assistant, so that you don't get out of flow, and speech recognition or you can annotate yourself later.
28) dimmimg of warmweiß und kaltweiß
29) statt led ring touch display? (Yes no wird einfacher und kann mehr Text anzeigen.
30) motivate with reasons
31) notification for prio A, if you are waiting for someone else.
32) friends list to maintain, suggesting random people name and remind birthday.
33) the necessity of a chatbot is to empower with this uplifting phrases: wir schaffen das! (Crowd motivation)
34) track what distracted you, with the voice log button
35) the app will have editor, chatbot, calendar, scoreboard, configurator (BT)
36) distraction need to be  able to marked silenty from option, in case collegues are nearby. (Extra button? With duration?)
37) interconnection with other platforms like Jira for efficiency
38) browser extension
39) Raspi breakout board
40) quick notes (userbility) on the app
41) getting sun, environment brightness
42) quick Foto function to digitalize handwritten work for deep work at the tip of lamp
43) and to vent frustration
44) how would you talk to people, who do fail like you.
45) self compassion
46) logging that you were productive primes you for motivation
47) speaker for emotional talking
48) actuated hinges (opens by itself) to make sound, to lock, but to show emotions, home security functality
49) modular and replacable and cistomizable
50) people feel stuck, because they cannot make progress visible. Gienie makes your progress visible, so it is fun to do whatever you need to get done.
51) smartwatch notification is hindering
52) instructions how to deploy, and get the newest updates, and I am hosting only for those who wants
53) sync data over ble and app if no wifi
54) customizable quick widget page

---------
How to include backtracking based thinking?



-----------

Prio A: can but not have to be pointed at B

Option B:
- study subjects, topics
- being productive projects
- maintanence (paperwork, fixing, finding solutions)


Option for priority R:
- meditate, dance, jump rope, read notes, book, learn language, look at message, work out, eat, toilet, go for a walk, (smoke), listen to music, clean up, play music, think about quotes, tea coffee colleague talking, meal prep, brainstorm, update old projects, ukulele, 

-----
Tips for increasing focus/willpower
- hydration
- blood pumping
- 

-----
Personal development:
- ask you what you need to do, and why you are not doing it
- what you know need to stop doing, and why you are not doing it.
- distinguish between real problems and excuses
- human evaluation
- it will be me, with the proper advices
- self-actualization, Joy of skill improvement
